Cluster -1:
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.
    Preserving Our Heritage.
    Discovering William Cook.
    Choosing the Top Candidate.
    Office E-Mail.
     Burden or Blessing.
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey.
     Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
    An Unexpected Story.
     The First Fifty Years.
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.
    Web Site Accessibility.
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
     Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.
    By the Book.
     Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
    In Defense of Wikipedia .
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough.
     The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice.
     The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.
    Seeking Inspiration.
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore.
     Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital.
    Learning New Applications.
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.
    The Power of RSS Feed.
    Research in the Wild.
     CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century.
     One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
    Inspiring Innovation.
     Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).
    Plays Well with Others.
     A Figuration in Flux.
    A Defense of the Public Domain.
     A Scholarly Essay.
    Define Leader.
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    Glass Half Full.
    A Learning Experience.
    Dissents from the Bench.
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).
    Emotional Intelligence.
     What Works at Work.
    Time to Blossom.
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms.
     A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    Collaboration versus Communication.
     Selecting the Appropriate Tool.
    Twitter.
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919.
     A Proto-Federal Register.
    Enact Locally.
    2010.
     The Year of the iPad.
    The European Human Rights System.
    Breaking Down Link Rot.
     The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.
    The Rewards of Tedium.
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging.
    Work Crunch.
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.
    Black's Law Dictionary.
     The Making of an American Standard.
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.
    Database Ownership.
     Myth or Reality.
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.
    Finding Common Ground.
    The Role of Conferences.
     A White Paper.
    A Different Question of Open Access.
     Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.
    Editing Justinian's Corpus.
     A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.
    Everyday Research.
    Watson, Answer Me This.
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).
    The Practitioners' Council.
    The Road Not Yet Taken.
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries.
    Writing Buddies.
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.
    Morris L. Cohen.
     A Reminiscence.
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
     Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
    Birth of a Nutshell.
     Morris Cohen in the 1960s.
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence.
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos.
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design.
     A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.
    WikiLeaks.
    Fifty More Constitutions.
    Addressing the Emerging Majority.
    Marginal Workers.
     How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.
    Dealing with Stress.
    Temptations of the Sirens.
    Degree Pedigree.
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.
    Books on My Desk.
    Back and Forth.
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive.
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act.
     Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.
    Challenging the Status Quo.
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore.
     Part I.
    Coming into the Country.
    Locked Collections.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
     A White Paper.
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania.
     Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust.
     A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation.
     Property Rights in the World of Ideas.
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience.
     The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age.
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations.
     Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice.
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon.
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering.
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England.
     Volume II, 871-1216.
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States.
     Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.
     Part II.
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century.
     Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
    It's All Enumerative.
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be.
     The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.
    Breaking down the Black Box.
    Let's Talk about Race.
     What Does It All Mean.
    What about the Majority.
    A Century's Worth of Access.
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.
    Getting to Know Fastcase.
    Like Mark Twain.
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.
    Categorizing the Useful Arts.
     Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.
    Vale Bunny Watson.
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.
    Cybersecurity.
     Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.
    To Meet or Not to Meet.
     The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide.
    Inclusion and Participation.
    Getting It from the Source.
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).
    We All Do It.
     Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts.
     Making the Most of What You Have.
    Igniting the Conversation.
     A Grey Paper.
    The Elephant in the Room.
     Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking.
    Unifying the Nation.
     Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    Exploring Precedent.
    Who Owns This Article.
    From Rome to the Restatement.
     S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
    Yellow Flag Fever.
     Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.
    Mentoring across Generations.
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.
    Growing Pains.
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims.
    Evolution and Opportunity.
     Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.
    About Microaggressions.
     Passive Aggression at Work.
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
    Due Diligence.
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor.
     A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths.
     The Academy and the Judiciary.
    Constitutional Personae.
    On Empathy.
    Here Come Your New Colleagues.
    Human Subjects Research Review.
     Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex.
     One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.
     How Is AALL Doing.
    Increasing Article Findability Online.
     The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.
     Lexicographer for a Day.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
    Locked Down.
     Practical Information Security for Lawyers.
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury.
     Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact.
     Implications for Legal [Re]Search.
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library.
     Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.
    Adnan's Story.
     The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.
    Digital Rights Management.
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.
    Negotiating Strengths.
    Surprising Differences.
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital.
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    2018.
     Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
     A Better Balance.
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders.
    A History of the Digests.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression.
     How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.
     D. L. Rhode's Cheating.
     Ethics in Everyday Life.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).
    Sticking to the Union.
    Retrospective.
     30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).
    From Stele to Silicon.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
     A New Framework.
    Journalism under Fire.
     Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.
    Beyond the Annals of Murder.
     The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
    Back to the Future.
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited.
     From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.
    Looking for Waldo.
     125 Years.
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services.
     Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
     Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
    Lincoln's Last Trial.
     The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.
     The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
    The United States Constitution in Film.
     Part of Our National Culture.
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words.
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer.
     Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.
     Reflections on My First 94 Years.
     Sandra Day O'Connor.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
     A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.
    The Shadow Code.
    A Different Democratic Divide.
     How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
     How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.
     Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.
    Prosecuting the President.
     How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
     How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era.
     An Intellectual History.
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.
    The Second Founding.
     How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.
    The Nonsense Factory.
    Future-Proofing the News.
     Preserving the First Draft of History.
     A Step-by-Step Guide.
     A Step-by-Step Approach.
     From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.
    Tough Cases.
     Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.
    Invisible Women.
     Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.
    The Internet of Things.
     How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.
    Usual Cruelty.
     The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
    Correcting the Record.
     Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
    To Cite or Not to Cite.
    Yesterday's Monsters.
     The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.
    Who Is to Judge?.
    Cultivating Civility.
     Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
     Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.
    Shortlisted.
     Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
    Abetting Batterers.
     What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
    The Rule of Five.
     Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
    Ending Book Hunger.
     Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
    Coaching Copyright.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.
     A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.
    One Vote Away.
     How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.
     Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Hate Crimes.
     National and International Perspectives.
     Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.
    Upgrade Your Teaching.
     Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.
    Constitutional Orphan.
     Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.
    As the World Burns.
     The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.
    American Contagions.
     Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.
    Fight of the Century.
     Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.
    A Place for Everything.
     The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
    Social Media and Democracy.
     The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.
    Taking Back the Constitution.
     Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory.
     Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics.
     Are Their Annotations Equal?.
     A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries.
     Intersections of Identities and Expectations.
    Five Words That Changed America.
     Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.
    Lyrics in the Law.
     Music's Influence on America's Courts.
    A World without Email.
     Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Break 'Em Up.
     Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.
    Hamilton and the Law.
     Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.
    The Color of Creatorship.
     Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.
    Abortion and the Law in America.
     Roe v. Wade to the Present.
    A Place of One's Own.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press.
     The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.
     Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.
    Movie Therapy for Law Students.
     Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.
    Runaway Technology.
     Can Law Keep up?.
    Dress Codes.
     How the Laws of Fashion Made History.
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes.
     Text Transcript & Commentary.
    Knowledge Justice.
    NCLC Digital Library.
    Remaking Appalachia.
     Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.
    Free Speech in the Balance.
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A History of the West Nutshells.
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.
    Kennedy's Avenger.
     Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.
    Fandom and the Law.
     A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.
    The Book of Trespass.
     Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
    Promises to Keep.
     African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.
    Pro Say Podcast.
    COVID-19 in Asia.
    Armed Citizens.
     The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.
    On File with.
     Challenges of Inaccessible References.
     Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Precedential Power Policies.
     Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.
     Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.
    To Drink from the Well.
     The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.
    Gerrymandering the States.
     Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.
    Rethinking Environmental Law.
     Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.
    Along Came Google.
     A History of Library Digitization.
    A Pattern of Violence.
     How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning.
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
    Organized for Service.
    While Justice Sleeps.
    The Decline of Natural Law.
     How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.
     Planning, Leadership, and Programming.
    LIS Interrupted.
     Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.
    Judging Inequality.
     State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
    Impeccable Research.
     A Fragile History.
    War and Peace in Outer Space.
    Binding in War Time.
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.
    The Modern Medusa.
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Alexander H. R. Fraser.
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    William George Eakins.
    Remarks on John William Wallace.
    J. G. Marvin.
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    Stephen B. Griswold.
    Arba N. Crane.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    Famous and Curious Wills.
     City, County or State.
    English Conveyancing.
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.
    A Phantom Citation.
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.
    The Legislation of Vermont.
    Leather Preservation.
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
     Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.
    Reflections.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.
    Murder in Middletown.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.
    Res Judicata.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.
    Microphotography for Law Schools.
     Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    Letter from the President.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.
    Elsie Basset.
    For Fear the Gallows.
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.
    Daniel Dulany II.
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.
     The Students.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
    Ohio Case Law.
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
     A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.
     Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.
    Klassification.
    Clements Library.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Military Justice.
    It Started with a Brick.
    Gilson G. Glasier.
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952.
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    Conventions and Officers.
     A Chronicle.
    Gray's Inn and Its History.
     Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885.
     A Biographical Sketch.
    Tarlton Library.
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.
    Bilali - His Book.
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.
    Fraud and Deceit.
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.
     Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.
     Paper Bound Originals.
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings.
     University of Miami.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Success through Speech.
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
     The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C.
     His Life and Writings.
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
    Reference Records.
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature.
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.
    From the Attic to the Courts.
    Musings.
    Certification Revisited.
     Recent Developments.
    Military Law Source Material.
    Firm Facts.
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.
     The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.
    Firm Facts.
    Legal Festschriften.
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
     A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.
     Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.
     An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
     A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.
    Helen in the Court.
    Helen in Academe.
     An Account of Its Development and Growth.
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.
    Project Lawsearch.
    Space for a Periodical Collection.
     A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    The African Law Reports.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
     The Problem of Functional Design.
    Remodeling.
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
     Do We Need a Catalog.
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.
    Classification-The Choices.
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals.
     Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.
    Library for International Operations.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969.
     A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.
     Some Functions and Problems.
     Sources and Problems.
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.
    Matching Books with People.
     A Burdensome Task.
     What Is Not Being Done.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.
    The NASA Information System.
     Citations in Seconds.
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
     Endeavor v. Resignation.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
     A Preliminary Perspective.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.
    Operation Compulex.
     What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.
    Whom We Shall Serve.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.
     Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.
     A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
    Internship.
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.
     The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.
    Federal Funds.
     The State of the Art.
     Overview Update 1975.
     What It Can Mean to You                    .
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.
    Juris.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.
    Women in Libraries.
     The 19th Century - Part II.
     The 20th Century - Part III.
     Exhibits - Part III.
    The Misery of Historians.
    Part I - Records and Briefs.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    Part I - Historic Trials.
     The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.
    Part II - Blacks.
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.
    Part V - Women.
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.
    Bill Drafting.
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.
     Why Networks for Libraries.
    Not by Books Alone.
    Rights of Students in Higher Education.
     A Due Process Emphasis.
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel.
     A Research Guide.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
     History and Contemporary Analysis.
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey.
     Method and Application.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    A New Law Firm Partnership.
     An Index.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.
     The State of the Art, 1978.
    Introducing Students to LEXIS.
     A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.
     An Analysis of Automated Education.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog.
    International Executive Agreements.
    Job Descriptions.
     New Uses for a Familiar Tool.
    The Photocopying Machine.
     How Did It Begin.
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
     Is It Possible to Draw the Line.
    France.
    The Bottom Lines.
     Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.
    State Administrative Decisions.
     A Very Preliminary Listing.
    Bar Relief.
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.
    Ballots at Boalt.
    Disabled Libraries.
     An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
     Class Action.
    How to Perform a Patent Search.
     A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.
     OCLC and RLIN Compared.
     An Analysis of Current Practice.
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    Another Degree.
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process.
     The Saskatchewan Approach.
    Legal Futurology.
     The Field and Its Literature.
    Changes and Challenges.
    Anecdotes Revisited.
    Speak Memory.
    Legal Banter.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966.
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
     Bane or Blessing.
     The University of Richmond Experience.
    Regulating Rehabilitation.
     A New Approach.
     Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
    Integrating New Technology.
     Some Architectural Solutions.
    Legal Banter.
    Research in Securities Regulation.
     Theory and Practice.
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis.
     The Technical Problems.
    I Remember Them Well.
    Clouds of Codes.
     The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct.
    Researching Oral History Materials.
     The Case of Earl Warren.
    Canon Law.
     History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.
    Legal Looseleaf Services.
     A Computer-Based Approach.
     Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
    Assisting Prisoners.
     Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism.
     Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition.
     Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC.
     A Practical Note.
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .
    MAUL.
    A Staff Exchange Program.
     Mid-America's Experience.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
     The Max Planck Institutes.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.
    International Business Transactions.
     A Guide to Research Sources.
    Law School Honor Codes.
     University of Oklahoma.
    Planning for Automation.
    Peaceful Partnerships.
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries.
     Commentary on Fishlyn.
     New Directions.
    Quo Vadis.
    Paralegal Programs.
    Fees for Service.
    Bounds and Reality.
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification.
     The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.
     School Library Censorship Controversies.
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984.
     Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.
    Planning a Publication Venture.
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
     A History.
     Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    The National Library of Medicine.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.
    The Curse of Thamus.
     The D.C. Experience.
    Managing the Invisible Media.
    Commentary.
     Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.
     The Debate Revisited.
    Silk v. Corduroy.
     The State of the Art, 1984.
     Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.
     Challenges for Teaching Research.
     Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.
     A Practicum.
     The Regional Schedules.
     The Practical Aspects.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus.
    Professional Responsibility.
     A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.
     The Curse of Boole.
    Reading between the Lines.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Volume Count.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.
    Burnout.
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research.
     Some Cautionary Notes.
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries.
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability.
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion.
     A Short History.
    Concept through Construction.
    An Architect's Perspective.
    Housing Books .
    Remodeling and Expanding Space.
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.
    Francois-Xavier Martin.
    Expanding Your Base.
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock.
     Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.
    Robert's Rules of Order.
     Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.
    Review Essay.
     Management and Political Tool.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.
    The Creation of COUNSEL.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers.
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech.
     Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs.
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda.
     1969-1986.
     The Challenge of Conceptual Research.
    Dusty Books and Living History.
     Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.
     A Critique and Models for Change.
    Computers.
     Planning for Disaster.
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control.
     What It Is and How to Get It.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.
    The Economic Value of Information.
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship.
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.
     Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.
     Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.
    The ALA Accreditation Process.
     A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
    A More Cooperative Clerk.
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge.
    Response to Schanck.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service.
    From Ownership to Access.
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice.
     Analysis or Psychoanalysis.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade.
     Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.
     The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.
    The Only Game in Town.
     A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.
     An Initial Reaction.
    Reznikoff's Testimony.
    Sexist Language.
    USMARC Self-Defense.
     The Neglected, Essential Activity.
    Improving Your Teaching.
     How Do Students Learn.
     Planning, Design, and Development.
     France and the European Communities.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.
     A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know.
     A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity.
     A Survey of Recent Literature.
     Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990.
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove.
     A Play in Six Acts.
     The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
     Past and Present .
     Is There Anything Fair about It.
    When Goals Collide.
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes.
     Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool.
     The Example of Prohibition.
    The Paralegal as Patron.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.
     Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
     Administrative Issues and Concerns.
     Survey of Salary and Position Information.
     Project CLEAR's Lexpert.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs.
     Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
    Access to Depository Materials.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    The Video Collection.
     Selection and Evaluation.
    Striking a Balance.
     Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.
    Free to Be You and Me.
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching.
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy.
     What We Had and What We Need.
     The State of the Art.
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
     The Compleat Experience.
    Total Quality Management.
     Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.
     A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage.
     The Paper Clip.
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses.
     A Court Evaluation Project.
     Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.
    Chutzpah and the Law.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.
     The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.
    The Winds of Change.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Outsourcing.
     New Name for an Old Practice.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.
    Teaching Research to Faculty.
     Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.
    From Creativity to Computerese.
     A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web.
     Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
     The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
    De Minimis Curat Lex.
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    Treaty Research Basics.
     The Only Surviving Copy.
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.
    Researching California Ballot Measures.
     The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.
    Diana Mary Priestly.
    In Search of the Delicate Balance.
     Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    The Library as Storyteller.
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.
     Where Are We Now.
    Redefining a Profession.
     Ten Basic Guidelines.
     The California Constitution of 1849.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.
     Both and, Not Either or.
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet.
    One Step at a Time.
    Meet My Mentor.
     A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.
    The Joy of Gathering.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    Western Pacific Chapter.
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.
     A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.
    Project Management.
     A Technique for Coping with Change.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.
    By Command of Her Majesty.
     An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Back to the Future.
     Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court.
     An Overview of the Social Science Studies.
    Climb High.
     High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.
    Editor's Postscript.
     Staying Power.
    A New Twist on an Old Plot.
    Leaving Paradise.
     Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.
    On Asking for Help.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.
    The Trouble with Utopia.
    Irish Legal History.
     An Overview and Guide to the Sources.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services.
    Perception versus Reality.
     A Paradigm Shift.
    The Other Amendments.
     Constitutional Amendments That Failed.
    Encounters with Sources.
    alt.lawlibrarian.
    William Wyche.
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career.
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg.
     Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.
    Finding out What They Want to Know.
     Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.
    Runaway Train.
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge.
     Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.
     Twenty-Five Selected Readings.
    Web Wizards.
     Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.
    Harry Bitner.
     A Memorial.
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.
    On Having a Bad Day.
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains.
     Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
    Persuasion in the Court.
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status.
     A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.
     Some Practical Considerations.
    Of Reference and Revelation.
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords.
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.
    What Do You Do All Day.
    Netscape, Standards, and You.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.
    Beyond Training.
    The Circle of Life.
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.
    Print Citator Instruction.
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.
     1953-2002.
     A Cautionary Tale.
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century.
    Making Sense of Making Stories.
    Researching outside the Box.
    Taking Care of Business.
     Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.
    Et Ano.
    Working Together.
     Data, Decisions, and Developments.
    The Hearsay Rule.
    To Defend the Constitution.
     Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.
     Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.
     How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.
    Investigating Workplace Harassment.
     How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.
    Privacy.
     Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.
     Memos.
     Are There New Divisions of Labor.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.
    The Sensory Law Library.
    Orienting New Employees.
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.
     How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.
    What Do Directors Do.
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
     Choices, Approaches, and Standards.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.
    Next Steps.
     Moving Forward on a National Plan.
     How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.
    Baseless Hysteria.
     Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.
     A Guide for Infrequent Users.
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.
    Foreign Official Gazettes.
    On Not Doing Research.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.
     Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.
    Merging West and Thomson.
     Pro- or Anti-Competitive.
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.
     Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.
     A Student's Perspective.
    Learning a Little about the World.
     Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.
    Time Management.
     Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
    Eulogy for My Father.
    Mike Jacobstein.
     Truly a Giant.
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21.
     1993-2005 Supplement.
    Cool Web Sites.
    Learning to Lead.
     Debunking Leadership Myths.
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.
    Let the People Know the Facts.
     Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.
    Bollywood Law.
     Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.
    Emperor's New Clothes.
     Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .
    Build It Right and They Will Come.
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.
    Little Biographies.
     Lessons from the Minor Leagues.
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
    Present in Its Absence.
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.
    A Blog's Life.
    The Annual Performance Evaluation.
     Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.
    Keeping Validity in Cite.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.
     Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.
    Private Bills and Private Laws.
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.
     Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.
    Technology for Everyone.
     Mind Mapping Complex Information.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts.
     Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.
     Encountering a New Paradigm.
    On Fun.
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.
     The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research.
     Embracing the Computer Age.
    Separating State from Church.
     A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.
    Just Looking.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.
    The Queen of Chula Vista.
     Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters.
     Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.
     What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.
    Servant Leadership.
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.
    The Pajama Way of Research.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 0:
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
    Managing Conflict.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    Diversity.
    Diversity Dialogues.
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action.
    The Anatomy of Conflict.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity and Professional Activism.
    Diversity in Conflict.
     Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.

Cluster 1:
     An Initial Study.
     A Baseline Study.
     A Case Study.
    Introductory Statement.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.
    Introduction.
     A Case Study.
     A Comparative Study.
     A Use Study.
     An Overview.
     An Overview via the Documents.
     An Overview.
     A Performance Study.
     An Introduction.
    The Staff Study.
     A Case Study.
     An Analysis.
     A Comparative Study.

Cluster 2:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
     Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
     Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .
     Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D.
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
     The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
    Law Library Journal.
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline.
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
    Practicing Reference.
     Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
     How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access.
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing.
     What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
     One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians.
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries.
     The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
     A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
     A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases.
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials.
     Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    The Technology of Law.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
     An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development.
     How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    Way beyond Legal Research.
     Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
    The Future of Library Collections.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
     Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
     Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
     Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection.
     A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
     Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
     How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries.
     An Annotated Digital Catalogue.
    Booksellers in Court.
     Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
     Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
     A Guide for American Law Librarians.
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
     Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
    The Long Tail of Legal Information.
     Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
     Ethical Issues in Libraries.
     Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
     Library Space.
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
     Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
     How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School.
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    A Third Place for the Law Library.
     Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
     Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
     Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.
     Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
     Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries.
     Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
     Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
     A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship.
     ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians.
     Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
     How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards.
     Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
     A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
     The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
     Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing.
     The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
     Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
     What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services.
     A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
     Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
     How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries.
     Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
     Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
     The Training of a Millennial Librarian.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.
     The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.
     The Local Librarian's Role.
    Data, Data, Data.
    Bartleby in the Law Library.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    The State of Legal Research Education.
     A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
     Company Information for Law Students.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
     Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School.
     How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China.
     An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
    Practicing Reference.
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community.
     Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations.
     A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
     The Librarians's Guide.
    Writing the Legal Record.
     Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    Nation Building and Law Collections.
     The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
     An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
     A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
     A Legal Research Odyssey.
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    The Reference Assistant.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    Access to the Justices' Papers.
     The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
     Navigating Law Librarianship While Black.
     A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
    Practicing Reference.
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.
     A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
     Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information.
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.
     ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
     Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    Copyright's Highway.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library.
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
     Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.
     Statutory Notes in the United States Code.
    A Human Algorithm.
     The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries.
    Legal Research Demystified.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Critical Legal Research.
    Fixing Law Schools.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
     Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
    Automating Legal Services.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries.
     Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors.
    Algorithms and Law.
     A Legal Research Guide.
    Key Directions in Legal Education.
    Law and Reputation.
     How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.
     Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
    Modern Legal Scholarship.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
     How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    Crisis Lawyering.
     Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
     Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
     Law and Policy Contexts.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers.
     Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence.
     The Artificial Judge.
     A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    The Right to Access Legal Information.
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection.
     A Collection Development Guide.
     The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
     A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    The Library.
     Law, Policy and Ethics.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice.
     How Data and the Law Interact.
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
    Rebalancing Copyright.
     Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    The Cincinnati Law Library.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    About Buying Law Books.
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The French Judiciary System.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
    Why a Law Library.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    Use of Law Books.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    The Forms of Law.
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.
    How One Law Library Is Administered.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    The Library and the People.
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.
    The State Law Index.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    The Student Assistant.
    The Law Library Catalog.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    Service in the Law Library .
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two.
     Session Laws.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA.
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    Law Books and Literature.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Canadian Court Rules.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.
    An Early Connecticut Law School.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Legislative Councils.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    The Northampton Law School.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    Legislative Councils.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    The Place of the Law Library.
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.
     The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.
    Law Books for the Blind.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    What Price Law Librarians.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    Trials.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    Weeding a Law Collection.
    The Future of the Law Library.
     Scholar-Librarian.
    Indexing Law Books.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.
    The Classification of Law Books.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    Moving Your Law Library.
    The Book that Made the Common Law.
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
    Rules of Court.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
     Legislative and Legal.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law.
     Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    Library Photocopying and Copyright.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    Comparative Law.
    Research in Roman Law.
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829.
    Judicial Writing.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    Medieval Roman Law.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    The Law Library.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Law Library Architecture.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    Class K-Law.
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    Norway and International Law.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
    Acquisitions.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Cooperative Acquisitions.
     The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition.
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    Commercial Cataloging.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Humor in the Law Library.
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    Personnel Evaluation.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination.
     By a Law School Library Survey.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
     Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Protection of Libraries.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    Law School Libraries.
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    County Law Libraries.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Librarians.
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
     A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Microform Brief.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship.
     Availability to Law Libraries.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Videotape in the Law Library.
    Automation in Law Libraries.
    Law and Computers.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.
    Personnel Management.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
     Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
     The Copyright Problem.
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
     18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Cataloging - Part II.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Microforms - Part IV.
     Legal History and the Civil War.
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    English Law Libraries.
    Art and the Law.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
     Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    Starting a Law School Library.
    Administrative Assistants.
     Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
    Publishing in International Law.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
    Microform Update.
     Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
     Administrators and Librarians.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Indexing for Publishers.
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
     The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
     A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
     Libraries of Law and Librarians.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research.
     The Kent State Case.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries.
    Rearranging a Law Library.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries.
    1979 County Law Library Survey.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Law Library Book Orders.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.
     The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.
     Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
     Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
     A Legislative History Analysis.
    Federal Documents 1980.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Tenure for the Law Library Director.
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law.
    Classification of Roman Law.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation.
     Historical Development and Library Implications.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
     Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    Legal Citation Form.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    Legal Humor Dissected.
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.
    The Bar Examination.
     Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem.
     Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    Law Library Staff Meetings.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.
    Far Beyond the Law Reports.
     Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems.
     A New Tool for Legal Research.
    Microforms.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.
    Microforms.
     Still a Future in Law Libraries.
     One Cataloger's Experience.
    Microform Management.
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.
     An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
     Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges.
     A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
     Microcomputers in the Law Library.
     Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
    The Totally On-Line Library.
     Northwestern's Integrated Library System.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.
     Should the Law Library Join the System.
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.
     An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.
     The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.
     Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library.
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.
    The National Law Library.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
     An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey.
    Current Legal Periodicals.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    Law Library Inventories.
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians.
     The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Plain Language Statutes.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN.
    Library of Congress Law Classification.
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.
     Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems.
     Legislative History for Law Students.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries.
     A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
     A Reality for Law Librarians.
     A Legal Analysis.
     The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
     The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.
    The Publication of Federal Laws.
     Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.
    Programming for the New Library.
     Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Deconstructing Legal Research.
     A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
    The Law Library of the Future.
    Library Essentials.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
     Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
     The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    Legalese Revisited.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
     Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
     A Consolidated Union Serials List.
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.
     Law School Opportunities.
     Laws and Library Services.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
     A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    The Common Law in the American Legal System.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries.
     The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.
     Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000.
     Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
    Legal Research.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse.
     Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.
    British Legal Education.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom.
     Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Confidentiality of Library Records.
     The Confidentiality of Library Records.
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian.
     Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
     On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
     Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
     Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
     A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases.
     Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Reviving Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law.
     A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
     An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
    Training New Law Library Personnel.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian.
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
    Archives and Manuscripts.
     New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.
     Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law.
     A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108).
     An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
     The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials.
    The Faculty Services Department.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Rating the Justices.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America.
     The Case of Louisiana, The .
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Teaching Legal Research.
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
     Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Legal Information for the Public.
     A Public Library Perspective.
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law.
     A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
    Cataloging Reform.
     An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
     A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW.
     Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
     Librarians and Freedom of Expression.
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia.
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.
    Law Library Consortia.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
     Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    Judicial Activism in Prose.
    Art Law Research.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library.
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.
     A Librarian's Dilemma.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries.
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle.
    Putting Legal Research into Context.
     A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
    Lawyering Decisions.
     New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
    California Legal History.
     A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.
     The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
     Acquisitions for a New Century.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
     Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths.
     Introducing the Executive Librarian.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians.
    California Legal History.
    Managing the Boss.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.
     A Compendium of Legal Trivia.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.
    The Albany Law School Journal.
    New York Statutory Index.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.
    Library By-Products.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
     An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries.
    Shepardizing English Law.
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings.
    California Legal History.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.
     The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.
    Faculty Services.
     Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.
     The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace.
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions.
     Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
     Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research.
     A Viable Program for Law Schools.
    Better Search Engines for Law.
     Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
     Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
     One Academic Law Library's Experience.
     Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age.
     New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.
    Good Reads in the Law Library.
     How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
    American Indians and Law Libraries.
     Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
    Reforming the Legal Profession.
     Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.
     Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites.
     How Automation Has Transformed the Law.
     Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
     Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries.
     Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.
    The Right to Receive Information.
    Learning from Library Science.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
     The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
     Law, Literature, Life.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.
     Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    The Supreme Court Compendium.
     Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.
    The Rule of Lawyers.
    Lawyer's Language.
     How and Why Legal Language Is Different.
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.
    European Law in the Past and the Future.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
    The Database and the Fields of Law.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians.
     Law Libraries 101.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries.
     Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews.
     The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.
    Story Time in the Law Library.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials.
     A Decision Tree for Librarians.
     Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.
    Preserving Digital Documents.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.
    The Victorian-Era Law Office.
     The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking.
    European Union Legal Materials.
     Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    What's in a Statute Name.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.
     Solving a Collection Conundrum.
    The Law Library Mission Statement.
    Law Libraries.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
     What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
     A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship.
     Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
     The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.
     The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.
     The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.
     The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries.
     An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.
     Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.
     Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.
    Online Law Library Maps.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.
    Rebuilding the Profession.
     Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law.
     Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
    Context and Legal Research.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology.
     Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.
    A Working Lawyer's Life.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP.
     The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
     A New Model for Law Library Leaders.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 3:
     The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.
    Justice on Trial.
    The Making of a Justice.
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
    Justice in Plain Sight.
     Justice through Technology.
    The Price of Justice.
    Digital Punishment.
    Punishment without Trial.
     Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
    Doing Justice.
    Doing Justice.
    With Justice for All.

