Cluster -1:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    Preserving Our Heritage.
     Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
    Discovering William Cook.
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .
    Choosing the Top Candidate.
    Office E-Mail.
     Burden or Blessing.
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey.
     Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline.
    By the Book.
     Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
    In Defense of Wikipedia .
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough.
     The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice.
     The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.
     Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
    Seeking Inspiration.
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore.
     How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access.
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing.
     What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital.
     One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.
    Learning New Applications.
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.
    The Power of RSS Feed.
     CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century.
     One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians.
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
    Inspiring Innovation.
     Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).
    Plays Well with Others.
     A Figuration in Flux.
    A Defense of the Public Domain.
     A Scholarly Essay.
    Define Leader.
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    A Learning Experience.
    Dissents from the Bench.
     A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
     Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    The Technology of Law.
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).
    Emotional Intelligence.
     What Works at Work.
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms.
     A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    Collaboration versus Communication.
     Selecting the Appropriate Tool.
    Twitter.
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
     How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919.
     A Proto-Federal Register.
    Enact Locally.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
     The Year of the iPad.
    The European Human Rights System.
     Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
    Breaking Down Link Rot.
     The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
    The Rewards of Tedium.
    The Future of Library Collections.
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later.
     Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging.
     Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.
    Work Crunch.
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.
    Black's Law Dictionary.
     The Making of an American Standard.
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.
    Database Ownership.
     Myth or Reality.
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.
    Finding Common Ground.
    The Role of Conferences.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
     Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
    Editing Justinian's Corpus.
     A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.
    Watson, Answer Me This.
     Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
    The Practitioners' Council.
     How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries.
    Writing Buddies.
    Managing Conflict.
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.
     A Reminiscence.
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
     Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
     Morris Cohen in the 1960s.
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence.
    Booksellers in Court.
     Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos.
     Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
     A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.
    WikiLeaks.
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    Addressing the Emerging Majority.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
     Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    Marginal Workers.
     How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.
    Dealing with Stress.
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
    Temptations of the Sirens.
    Degree Pedigree.
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.
    Books on My Desk.
     Library Space.
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive.
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act.
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.
    Challenging the Status Quo.
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
     Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.
     Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
    Coming into the Country.
    Locked Collections.
     Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
     Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania.
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust.
     A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation.
     Property Rights in the World of Ideas.
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience.
     The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age.
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations.
     Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice.
     Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon.
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering.
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England.
     Volume II, 871-1216.
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship.
     Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.
     Part II.
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be.
     The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.
    Breaking down the Black Box.
     How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
    Let's Talk about Race.
    What about the Majority.
     Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
    A Century's Worth of Access.
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.
    Getting to Know Fastcase.
    Like Mark Twain.
     The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
    Categorizing the Useful Arts.
     Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
     Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.
     The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide.
    Inclusion and Participation.
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
    Getting It from the Source.
     What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).
     Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts.
     Making the Most of What You Have.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services.
     Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
     How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries.
    The Elephant in the Room.
     Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking.
     Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    Unifying the Nation.
     Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    Exploring Precedent.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
    Who Owns This Article.
     Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
    From Rome to the Restatement.
     S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
    Yellow Flag Fever.
     Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.
    Mentoring across Generations.
     The Training of a Millennial Librarian.
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.
    Growing Pains.
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims.
     The Local Librarian's Role.
    Evolution and Opportunity.
     Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.
    Data, Data, Data.
    About Microaggressions.
     Passive Aggression at Work.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    Due Diligence.
     Company Information for Law Students.
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor.
     A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths.
     The Academy and the Judiciary.
    Constitutional Personae.
    On Empathy.
    Here Come Your New Colleagues.
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex.
     One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.
     How Is AALL Doing.
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Increasing Article Findability Online.
     The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.
     An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
     Lexicographer for a Day.
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community.
     Practical Information Security for Lawyers.
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury.
     Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact.
     Implications for Legal [Re]Search.
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP.
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library.
     Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.
    Adnan's Story.
     The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.
    Digital Rights Management.
    Writing the Legal Record.
     Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.
    Negotiating Strengths.
    Nation Building and Law Collections.
    Surprising Differences.
     An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital.
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
     Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    The Reference Assistant.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
     A Better Balance.
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders.
     The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.
    A History of the Digests.
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression.
     How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.
     D. L. Rhode's Cheating.
     Ethics in Everyday Life.
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.
    Sticking to the Union.
    Retrospective.
     30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).
    From Stele to Silicon.
     Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information.
     A New Framework.
    Journalism under Fire.
     Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.
    Beyond the Annals of Murder.
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
     ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
     Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    Looking for Waldo.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library.
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services.
     Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
     Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
    Lincoln's Last Trial.
     The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.
     The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
    The United States Constitution in Film.
     Part of Our National Culture.
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words.
     Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer.
     Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.
     Reflections on My First 94 Years.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.
     A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.
    The Shadow Code.
     Statutory Notes in the United States Code.
    A Different Democratic Divide.
     How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
     How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.
     Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.
    Prosecuting the President.
     How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
    A Human Algorithm.
     How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era.
     An Intellectual History.
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.
    The Second Founding.
     How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.
    The Nonsense Factory.
     The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
    Future-Proofing the News.
     Preserving the First Draft of History.
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries.
     A Step-by-Step Guide.
     A Step-by-Step Approach.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Fixing Law Schools.
     From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
    Tough Cases.
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
    Invisible Women.
     Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.
     Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.
     How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.
    Usual Cruelty.
     The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
    Correcting the Record.
     Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
     The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
    Cultivating Civility.
     Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
     Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
    Shortlisted.
     Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
    Abetting Batterers.
     What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
    The Rule of Five.
     Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
    Automating Legal Services.
     Justice through Technology.
    Ending Book Hunger.
     Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
    Coaching Copyright.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.
     A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.
    One Vote Away.
     How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.
    Algorithms and Law.
     Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Hate Crimes.
    Key Directions in Legal Education.
     National and International Perspectives.
    Digital Punishment.
     Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.
     Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.
    Constitutional Orphan.
     Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.
    Law and Reputation.
     How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
     The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.
    American Contagions.
     Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.
    Fight of the Century.
     Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.
    A Place for Everything.
     The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
    Social Media and Democracy.
     The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.
     Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
     Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory.
     Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics.
     Are Their Annotations Equal?.
     A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries.
     Intersections of Identities and Expectations.
    Five Words That Changed America.
     Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.
    Lyrics in the Law.
     Music's Influence on America's Courts.
    A World without Email.
     Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
     Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.
    Hamilton and the Law.
     Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.
    The Color of Creatorship.
     Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.
    Abortion and the Law in America.
     Roe v. Wade to the Present.
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
    A Place of One's Own.
     How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press.
     The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.
     Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.
    Movie Therapy for Law Students.
     Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
     Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.
    Runaway Technology.
     Can Law Keep up?.
    Dress Codes.
     How the Laws of Fashion Made History.
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes.
     Text Transcript & Commentary.
    Knowledge Justice.
     Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    NCLC Digital Library.
    Remaking Appalachia.
     Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.
    Free Speech in the Balance.
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A History of the West Nutshells.
    Kennedy's Avenger.
     Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.
    Fandom and the Law.
     A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.
    The Book of Trespass.
     Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
     African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.
    Pro Say Podcast.
    COVID-19 in Asia.
     Law and Policy Contexts.
    Armed Citizens.
     The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.
    On File with.
     Challenges of Inaccessible References.
     Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Precedential Power Policies.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
     Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.
     Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
     Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.
    To Drink from the Well.
     The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.
    Gerrymandering the States.
     Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.
    Rethinking Environmental Law.
     Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.
    Along Came Google.
     A History of Library Digitization.
    A Pattern of Violence.
     How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence.
     The Artificial Judge.
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.
     A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
     Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection.
    Organized for Service.
     The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
    The Decline of Natural Law.
     How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.
     Planning, Leadership, and Programming.
    LIS Interrupted.
     Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.
    Judging Inequality.
     State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
    Impeccable Research.
    War and Peace in Outer Space.
     Law, Policy and Ethics.
     How Data and the Law Interact.
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
     Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Binding in War Time.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    The Modern Medusa.
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    Remarks on John William Wallace.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Famous and Curious Wills.
    The French Judiciary System.
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
     City, County or State.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    English Conveyancing.
    Use of Law Books.
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.
    The Forms of Law.
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    The Library and the People.
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.
    The State Law Index.
    The Legislation of Vermont.
    Leather Preservation.
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
    The Student Assistant.
     Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.
    Reflections.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.
    Murder in Middletown.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Canadian Court Rules.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    Res Judicata.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.
    Microphotography for Law Schools.
    An Early Connecticut Law School.
     Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    Letter from the President.
    Legislative Councils.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.
    For Fear the Gallows.
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut.
     The Students.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Ohio Case Law.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs.
     A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
     Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.
    The Northampton Law School.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    Legislative Councils.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
    Clements Library.
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Military Justice.
    It Started with a Brick.
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    Conventions and Officers.
     A Chronicle.
    Gray's Inn and Its History.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
     Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.
    Law Books for the Blind.
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    Bilali - His Book.
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.
    Fraud and Deceit.
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.
     Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.
    Trials.
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    Weeding a Law Collection.
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings.
     University of Miami.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
     Scholar-Librarian.
    Success through Speech.
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
    The Book that Made the Common Law.
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
    Reference Records.
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Rules of Court.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature.
     Legislative and Legal.
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.
    From the Attic to the Courts.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Certification Revisited.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
     Recent Developments.
    Military Law Source Material.
    Firm Facts.
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.
    Comparative Law.
     The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.
    Firm Facts.
    Legal Festschriften.
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
    Research in Roman Law.
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.
     Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.
    Judicial Writing.
     An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    Medieval Roman Law.
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    Helen in the Court.
     An Account of Its Development and Growth.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.
    Project Lawsearch.
    Space for a Periodical Collection.
     A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
     The Problem of Functional Design.
    Remodeling.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
    Class K-Law.
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.
    Classification-The Choices.
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals.
     Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    Library for International Operations.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969.
     A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
     Some Functions and Problems.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    Matching Books with People.
     A Burdensome Task.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation.
     What Is Not Being Done.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.
    The NASA Information System.
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
     Endeavor v. Resignation.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    Personnel Evaluation.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination.
     A Preliminary Perspective.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.
    Operation Compulex.
     What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.
    Whom We Shall Serve.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.
     Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.
     A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
    Internship.
     A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship.
     The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.
    Federal Funds.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Videotape in the Law Library.
     The State of the Art.
    Law and Computers.
     Overview Update 1975.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.
    Personnel Management.
    Juris.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.
    Women in Libraries.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
     18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
     The 19th Century - Part II.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Exhibits - Part III.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    The Misery of Historians.
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
    Part I - Records and Briefs.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    Part I - Historic Trials.
     The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.
    Part II - Blacks.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.
    Part V - Women.
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.
    Bill Drafting.
    Art and the Law.
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
     Why Networks for Libraries.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    Not by Books Alone.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    Rights of Students in Higher Education.
     A Due Process Emphasis.
    Administrative Assistants.
     Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
     History and Contemporary Analysis.
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey.
     Method and Application.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
    A New Law Firm Partnership.
     Administrators and Librarians.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items.
     An Index.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.
     The State of the Art, 1978.
    Indexing for Publishers.
    Introducing Students to LEXIS.
     An Analysis of Automated Education.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Job Descriptions.
     New Uses for a Familiar Tool.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.
    The Photocopying Machine.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice.
     Is It Possible to Draw the Line.
    France.
     Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
    State Administrative Decisions.
     A Very Preliminary Listing.
    Bar Relief.
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.
    Ballots at Boalt.
     An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
     Class Action.
    How to Perform a Patent Search.
     A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
     The Kent State Case.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
     OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
    Law Library Book Orders.
     An Analysis of Current Practice.
    Another Degree.
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process.
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers.
     The Saskatchewan Approach.
    Legal Futurology.
     The Field and Its Literature.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.
     Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Anecdotes Revisited.
    Speak Memory.
    Legal Banter.
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
     Bane or Blessing.
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal.
     The University of Richmond Experience.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Regulating Rehabilitation.
     A New Approach.
    Classification of Roman Law.
     Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
    Integrating New Technology.
     Some Architectural Solutions.
    Legal Banter.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation.
     Historical Development and Library Implications.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
    Research in Securities Regulation.
     Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    Legal Citation Form.
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    I Remember Them Well.
    Legal Humor Dissected.
    Clouds of Codes.
     The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct.
    Researching Oral History Materials.
     The Case of Earl Warren.
    The Bar Examination.
     Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Canon Law.
     History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem.
     Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    Legal Looseleaf Services.
     A Computer-Based Approach.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    Law Library Staff Meetings.
     Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
    Assisting Prisoners.
     Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.
     Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism.
     Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems.
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition.
     Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .
    A Staff Exchange Program.
     Mid-America's Experience.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
     Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
     The Max Planck Institutes.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges.
    Law School Honor Codes.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School.
     University of Oklahoma.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
    Planning for Automation.
    Peaceful Partnerships.
     Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
     Northwestern's Integrated Library System.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries.
     Commentary on Fishlyn.
     New Directions.
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .
    Quo Vadis.
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.
    Paralegal Programs.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.
    Fees for Service.
    Bounds and Reality.
     Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification.
     The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.
     School Library Censorship Controversies.
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .
     Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.
    Planning a Publication Venture.
     The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.
     Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries.
    The National Library of Medicine.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.
    The Curse of Thamus.
     The D.C. Experience.
    Managing the Invisible Media.
    Commentary.
     Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians.
     The Debate Revisited.
    Silk v. Corduroy.
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
     The State of the Art, 1984.
    Plain Language Statutes.
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing.
     Challenges for Teaching Research.
    The Anatomy of Conflict.
     Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN.
     A Practicum.
     The Regional Schedules.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus.
    Professional Responsibility.
     A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.
     The Curse of Boole.
     Legislative History for Law Students.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Volume Count.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research.
     Some Cautionary Notes.
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries.
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability.
     The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion.
    Concept through Construction.
    An Architect's Perspective.
    Housing Books .
    Remodeling and Expanding Space.
     Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.
     Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
    Expanding Your Base.
     Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.
    Robert's Rules of Order.
    Legalese Revisited.
    Review Essay.
     Management and Political Tool.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.
    The Creation of COUNSEL.
     A Consolidated Union Serials List.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers.
     Law School Opportunities.
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech.
     Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries.
     Laws and Library Services.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs.
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda.
     A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses.
     1969-1986.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    The Common Law in the American Legal System.
     The Challenge of Conceptual Research.
    Dusty Books and Living History.
     Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
     Planning for Disaster.
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control.
     What It Is and How to Get It.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.
    The Economic Value of Information.
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship.
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.
     Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
     Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.
    The ALA Accreditation Process.
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.
    British Legal Education.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Confidentiality of Library Records.
     A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
    A More Cooperative Clerk.
     The Confidentiality of Library Records.
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge.
     Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
    Response to Schanck.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service.
    From Ownership to Access.
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
     Analysis or Psychoanalysis.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade.
     Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.
     The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
    The Only Game in Town.
     A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law.
    Reznikoff's Testimony.
    Sexist Language.
     An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.
    USMARC Self-Defense.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
     The Neglected, Essential Activity.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.
     Planning, Design, and Development.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases.
     France and the European Communities.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    Archives and Manuscripts.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law.
     A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar.
     A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials.
     A Survey of Recent Literature.
    The Faculty Services Department.
     Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990.
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove.
     A Play in Six Acts.
     The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America.
     The Case of Louisiana, The .
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
     Is There Anything Fair about It.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
    When Goals Collide.
     Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes.
     Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool.
     The Example of Prohibition.
     A Public Library Perspective.
    The Paralegal as Patron.
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries.
     Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library.
     Administrative Issues and Concerns.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
     Survey of Salary and Position Information.
     Project CLEAR's Lexpert.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs.
     A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue.
     Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
    Access to Depository Materials.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
     Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.
    The Video Collection.
     Selection and Evaluation.
    Striking a Balance.
     Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.
     Librarians and Freedom of Expression.
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching.
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy.
     What We Had and What We Need.
     The State of the Art.
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.
     The Compleat Experience.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Total Quality Management.
     Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
     Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    Judicial Activism in Prose.
     A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage.
    Art Law Research.
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
     A Court Evaluation Project.
     Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries.
    Chutzpah and the Law.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.
     The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).
    California Legal History.
     A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.
    The Winds of Change.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Outsourcing.
     New Name for an Old Practice.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
    Teaching Research to Faculty.
     Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.
    From Creativity to Computerese.
     Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths.
     Introducing the Executive Librarian.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web.
     Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
    California Legal History.
     The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
    Managing the Boss.
    De Minimis Curat Lex.
     A Compendium of Legal Trivia.
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.
     The Only Surviving Copy.
    New York Statutory Index.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.
    Library By-Products.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
    Researching California Ballot Measures.
    The Staff Study.
     An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research.
     The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.
    Diana Mary Priestly.
    In Search of the Delicate Balance.
     Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    The Library as Storyteller.
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
    Shepardizing English Law.
    Redefining a Profession.
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings.
     Ten Basic Guidelines.
    California Legal History.
     The California Constitution of 1849.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.
    Diversity and Professional Activism.
     Both and, Not Either or.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet.
     The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.
     A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.
    Faculty Services.
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information.
     The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.
    The Joy of Gathering.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    Western Pacific Chapter.
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.
     A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.
    Project Management.
     A Technique for Coping with Change.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.
    By Command of Her Majesty.
     An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.
     Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court.
     An Overview of the Social Science Studies.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions.
     High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.
    Editor's Postscript.
     Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
    A New Twist on an Old Plot.
     A Viable Program for Law Schools.
     Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.
    Better Search Engines for Law.
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally.
     Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness.
     Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.
    The Trouble with Utopia.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
    Irish Legal History.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services.
    Perception versus Reality.
     Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.
    alt.lawlibrarian.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career.
     How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg.
     Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.
    Finding out What They Want to Know.
     Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.
    Runaway Train.
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge.
    Reforming the Legal Profession.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law.
     Twenty-Five Selected Readings.
    Web Wizards.
     Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.
     A Memorial.
     A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs.
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains.
     Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.
     Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status.
     A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites.
    Of Reference and Revelation.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords.
     How Automation Has Transformed the Law.
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.
    Beyond Training.
    The Circle of Life.
     Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries.
     Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.
    Print Citator Instruction.
    Learning from Library Science.
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
     1953-2002.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century.
    Making Sense of Making Stories.
     Law, Literature, Life.
    Taking Care of Business.
     Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.
    Et Ano.
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.
    Working Together.
    The Supreme Court Compendium.
     Data, Decisions, and Developments.
    The Hearsay Rule.
    To Defend the Constitution.
     Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.
    The Rule of Lawyers.
     How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.
    Investigating Workplace Harassment.
     How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.
    Lawyer's Language.
     How and Why Legal Language Is Different.
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.
    European Law in the Past and the Future.
     Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
     Memos.
    The Database and the Fields of Law.
     Are There New Divisions of Labor.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.
    The Sensory Law Library.
    Orienting New Employees.
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.
     Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
     How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.
    What Do Directors Do.
     The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.
     A Decision Tree for Librarians.
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
    Preserving Digital Documents.
     Choices, Approaches, and Standards.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.
     Moving Forward on a National Plan.
    The Victorian-Era Law Office.
     How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.
    Baseless Hysteria.
     The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.
     Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.
     A Guide for Infrequent Users.
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.
    What's in a Statute Name.
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.
     A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.
    Foreign Official Gazettes.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.
     Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.
    Merging West and Thomson.
     Pro- or Anti-Competitive.
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web.
     Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.
     A Student's Perspective.
    Learning a Little about the World.
     Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.
    Time Management.
     Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
    Eulogy for My Father.
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research.
     What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21.
     A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal.
     1993-2005 Supplement.
    Cool Web Sites.
    Learning to Lead.
     Debunking Leadership Myths.
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.
    Let the People Know the Facts.
     Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.
    Bollywood Law.
     Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.
    Emperor's New Clothes.
     Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.
    Build It Right and They Will Come.
     The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries.
     Lessons from the Minor Leagues.
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
    Present in Its Absence.
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.
    A Blog's Life.
    The Annual Performance Evaluation.
     Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.
     Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.
    Private Bills and Private Laws.
    Rebuilding the Profession.
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management.
     Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law.
     Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
     Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology.
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research.
     Embracing the Computer Age.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.
    Separating State from Church.
     A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.
    The Queen of Chula Vista.
     Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters.
     Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.
     What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.
    Servant Leadership.
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 0:
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    International Executive Agreements.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    International Business Transactions.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    Treaty Research Basics.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.

Cluster 1:
    Klassification.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.

Cluster 2:
    Microform Brief.
     Microforms - Part IV.
    Microform Update.
    Microforms.
    Microforms.
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC.
    Microform Management.

Cluster 3:
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Federal Documents 1980.

Cluster 4:
     Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
     Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984.
     A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.

Cluster 5:
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited.
    To Cite or Not to Cite.
    A Phantom Citation.
     Citations in Seconds.
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock.
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.
    Keeping Validity in Cite.

Cluster 6:
    Web Site Accessibility.
    A Different Question of Open Access.
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
    Netscape, Standards, and You.
    Privacy.
     Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.
     Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.

Cluster 7:
    Acquisitions.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Cooperative Acquisitions.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
     Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
     Acquisitions for a New Century.

Cluster 8:
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development.
     A Collection Development Guide.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle.
     Solving a Collection Conundrum.

Cluster 9:
     A White Paper.
     A White Paper.
     A Grey Paper.
     From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.
     Paper Bound Originals.
     Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.
     The Paper Clip.

Cluster 10:
    Practicing Reference.
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
     A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.

Cluster 11:
     A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
     A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
     Sources and Problems.
     A Research Guide.
     A Guide to Research Sources.
     An Overview and Guide to the Sources.
    Encounters with Sources.

Cluster 12:
     An Annotated Digital Catalogue.
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
     Do We Need a Catalog.
    Commercial Cataloging.
     Cataloging - Part II.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog.
     One Cataloger's Experience.
    Cataloging Reform.
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.

Cluster 13:
    Cybersecurity.
    The Internet of Things.
     The Technical Problems.
    Computers.
    Technology for Everyone.
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.

Cluster 14:
    Fifty More Constitutions.
     Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
    Taking Back the Constitution.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    The Other Amendments.
     Constitutional Amendments That Failed.
     Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.
     Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 15:
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design.
    Upgrade Your Teaching.
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning.
     A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.
     Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
    Improving Your Teaching.
     How Do Students Learn.
     Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.

Cluster 16:
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.
    European Union Legal Materials.

Cluster 17:
    Research in the Wild.
    Everyday Research.
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.
    Researching outside the Box.
    On Not Doing Research.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.
    The Pajama Way of Research.

Cluster 18:
     An Initial Study.
     A Baseline Study.
     A Case Study.
    Human Subjects Research Review.
     A Case Study.
     A Comparative Study.
     A Use Study.
     A Performance Study.
     A Case Study.
     An Analysis.
     A Comparative Study.

Cluster 19:
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore.
     Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.
    Who Is to Judge?.
    Persuasion in the Court.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.

Cluster 20:
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    Diversity.
    Diversity Dialogues.
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity in Conflict.

Cluster 21:
     Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.
    Changes and Challenges.
     A Critique and Models for Change.
     A Paradigm Shift.
     Encountering a New Paradigm.

Cluster 22:
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    Norway and International Law.
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition.
    Publishing in International Law.
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany.

Cluster 23:
    Introductory Statement.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.
    Introduction.
     Theory and Practice.
     A Practical Note.
     The Practical Aspects.
     An Overview.
     An Overview via the Documents.
     An Overview.
     An Introduction.
     Some Practical Considerations.

Cluster 24:
     The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.
    Justice on Trial.
    The Making of a Justice.
    Justice in Plain Sight.
    The Price of Justice.
    Punishment without Trial.
    While Justice Sleeps.
    Doing Justice.
    Doing Justice.
    With Justice for All.

Cluster 25:
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
     A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW.

Cluster 26:
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.

Cluster 27:
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
     Legal History and the Civil War.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.

Cluster 28:
     How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
     A Legislative History Analysis.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories.
     Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research.

Cluster 29:
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
    Copyright's Highway.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright.
    Rebalancing Copyright.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law.
     The Copyright Problem.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108).

Cluster 30:
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
     A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    The African Law Reports.
    Far Beyond the Law Reports.
    The Publication of Federal Laws.
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.

Cluster 31:
     The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
     The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.
     His Life and Writings.
    Little Biographies.
     The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.

Cluster 32:
    The Long Tail of Legal Information.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
    The Right to Access Legal Information.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice.
     Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000.
    Legal Information for the Public.
    The Right to Receive Information.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP.

Cluster 33:
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885.
     A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 34:
    An Unexpected Story.
     The First Fifty Years.
    Glass Half Full.
    Time to Blossom.
    2010.
    The Road Not Yet Taken.
    Birth of a Nutshell.
    Back and Forth.
     Part I.
     Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
    It's All Enumerative.
     What Does It All Mean.
    To Meet or Not to Meet.
    We All Do It.
    Igniting the Conversation.
    Locked Down.
    2018.
    Back to the Future.
     125 Years.
    Yesterday's Monsters.
    As the World Burns.
    Break 'Em Up.
    Promises to Keep.
     A Fragile History.
    Arba N. Crane.
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.
    Musings.
     What It Can Mean to You                    .
     The 20th Century - Part III.
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
     How Did It Begin.
    The Bottom Lines.
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    MAUL.
     A History.
     Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.
    Reading between the Lines.
    Burnout.
     A Short History.
     An Initial Reaction.
     Past and Present .
    Free to Be You and Me.
     Where Are We Now.
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.
    One Step at a Time.
    Meet My Mentor.
    Back to the Future.
    Climb High.
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.
     Staying Power.
    Leaving Paradise.
    On Asking for Help.
    On Having a Bad Day.
    What Do You Do All Day.
     A Cautionary Tale.
    Next Steps.
     Truly a Giant.
     Mind Mapping Complex Information.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts.
    On Fun.
    Just Looking.

Cluster 35:
    Morris L. Cohen.
    Vale Bunny Watson.
     Sandra Day O'Connor.
    Alexander H. R. Fraser.
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    William George Eakins.
    J. G. Marvin.
    Stephen B. Griswold.
    Elsie Basset.
    Daniel Dulany II.
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.
    Gilson G. Glasier.
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C.
    Helen in Academe.
    Francois-Xavier Martin.
    William Wyche.
    Harry Bitner.
    Mike Jacobstein.

Cluster 36:
     Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.

Cluster 37:
     Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.

Cluster 38:
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
     Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
    Crisis Lawyering.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    Lawyering Decisions.
    A Working Lawyer's Life.

Cluster 39:
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
    Rating the Justices.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.

Cluster 40:
    Library Photocopying and Copyright.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
     Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials.

Cluster 41:
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.
     Session Laws.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829.

Cluster 42:
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
     A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
     The Librarians's Guide.
    The Library.
    Tarlton Library.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
     Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    Disabled Libraries.
    The Totally On-Line Library.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey.
    Programming for the New Library.
    Library Essentials.
     The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
     Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.

Cluster 43:
     An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
     Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems.
     An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.

Cluster 44:
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases.
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
     An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    Current Legal Periodicals.
     A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
     Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking.
     Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.

Cluster 45:
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    The Quebec Legal System.

Cluster 46:
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    Way beyond Legal Research.
     A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
     A Legal Research Odyssey.
    Legal Research Demystified.
    Critical Legal Research.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research.
     A New Tool for Legal Research.
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     A Legal Analysis.
    Deconstructing Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
     A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    Reviving Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    Putting Legal Research into Context.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
     Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
    Context and Legal Research.

Cluster 47:
     The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
     An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
     Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
     Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing.
    The State of Legal Research Education.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
     A Legal Research Guide.
    Modern Legal Scholarship.
     A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
     A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
     Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    Teaching Legal Research.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
     A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.

Cluster 48:
     Ethical Issues in Libraries.
    Protection of Libraries.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
     An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries.
     A Librarian's Dilemma.
     The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship.

Cluster 49:
    Automation in Law Libraries.
     Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.
     Microcomputers in the Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.

Cluster 50:
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
     Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D.
    Law Library Journal.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries.
     The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
     A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries.
     A Guide for American Law Librarians.
     Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
     Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    A Third Place for the Law Library.
     Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries.
     ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians.
     Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards.
     A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
     Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories.
     The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
     Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
     A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
     The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.
    Bartleby in the Law Library.
     Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School.
     How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China.
     Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations.
     A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
     The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
     A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    Access to the Justices' Papers.
     Navigating Law Librarianship While Black.
     A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
     A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries.
     Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    The Cincinnati Law Library.
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    About Buying Law Books.
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
    Why a Law Library.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.
    How One Law Library Is Administered.
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    The Law Library Catalog.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Service in the Law Library .
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    Law Books and Literature.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    The Place of the Law Library.
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.
     The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    What Price Law Librarians.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    The Future of the Law Library.
    Indexing Law Books.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.
    The Classification of Law Books.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    Moving Your Law Library.
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    The Law Library.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Law Library Architecture.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
     The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Humor in the Law Library.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
     By a Law School Library Survey.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
     Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Law School Libraries.
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    County Law Libraries.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Librarians.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
     Availability to Law Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    English Law Libraries.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
    Starting a Law School Library.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
     Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
     The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
     Libraries of Law and Librarians.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries.
    Rearranging a Law Library.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries.
    1979 County Law Library Survey.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.
     The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Tenure for the Law Library Director.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
     Still a Future in Law Libraries.
     A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.
     Should the Law Library Join the System.
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library.
     An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
     The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library.
    The National Law Library.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    Law Library Inventories.
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
     The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    Library of Congress Law Classification.
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
     A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
     A Reality for Law Librarians.
     The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.
     Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.
     A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    The Law Library of the Future.
     The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.
     Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
     Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom.
     Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian.
     On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
     Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
     Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases.
     A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Training New Law Library Personnel.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
     New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
     The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services.
     An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia.
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    Law Library Consortia.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries.
     New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
    The Albany Law School Journal.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries.
     Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
     One Academic Law Library's Experience.
     New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    Good Reads in the Law Library.
    American Indians and Law Libraries.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
     Implications for Law Librarianship.
     Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library.
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
     The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
     Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians.
     Law Libraries 101.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews.
    Story Time in the Law Library.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    The Law Library Mission Statement.
    Law Libraries.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
     Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
     The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.
     The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.
     The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.
     Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.
    Online Law Library Maps.
     Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.
     Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
     The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.
     A New Model for Law Library Leaders.

