Cluster 0:
    Office E-Mail.
    Web Site Accessibility.
    In Defense of Wikipedia .
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore.
    The Power of RSS Feed.
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
     Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).
    A Defense of the Public Domain.
    Twitter.
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging.
    WikiLeaks.
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive.
     The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age..
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.
    Cybersecurity.
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking.
    Data, Data, Data.
     Practical Information Security for Lawyers.
     Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
    The Nonsense Factory.
    Future-Proofing the News.
     Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.
    The Internet of Things.
    Social Media and Democracy.
    A World without Email.
     Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.
     Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press.
     The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.
    Runaway Technology.
    Pro Say Podcast.
    Along Came Google.
    The Right to Access Legal Information.
     Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.
    Firm Facts.
    Firm Facts.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966.
     The Technical Problems.
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research.
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech.
    Computers.
    The Economic Value of Information.
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy.
    Outsourcing.
     Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web.
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information.
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg.
    Web Wizards.
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords.
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
    Netscape, Standards, and You.
    The Right to Receive Information.
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.
     Data, Decisions, and Developments.
    Privacy.
     Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.
     Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.
     The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research.
    Cool Web Sites.
    Let the People Know the Facts.
     Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.
    A Blog's Life.
    Technology for Everyone....
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.
     Embracing the Computer Age.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 1:
     Burden or Blessing.
    An Unexpected Story.
     Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.
    Plays Well with Others.
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).
    Emotional Intelligence.
    Collaboration versus Communication.
    The Rewards of Tedium.
    The Role of Conferences.
    The Road Not Yet Taken.
    Managing Conflict.
     A Reminiscence.
    Birth of a Nutshell.
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    Back and Forth.
    Challenging the Status Quo.
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century.
     Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
    It's All Enumerative.
     What Does It All Mean.
    To Meet or Not to Meet.
    Evolution and Opportunity.
    Due Diligence.
    On Empathy.
    Adnan's Story.
    Negotiating Strengths.
     A Better Balance.
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).
    Retrospective.
    Journalism under Fire.
    Back to the Future.
     Reflections on My First 94 Years.
     An Intellectual History.
     From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.
    Invisible Women.
    Cultivating Civility.
    Ending Book Hunger.
    As the World Burns.
    A Place for Everything.
    A Place of One's Own.
    A Pattern of Violence.
     A Fragile History.
    War and Peace in Outer Space.
    Binding in War Time.
    The Modern Medusa.
    Reflections.
    For Fear the Gallows.
    It Started with a Brick.
     A Chronicle.
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
     A Burdensome Task.
     What Is Not Being Done.
     Endeavor v. Resignation.
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.
     A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
     What It Can Mean to You                    .
    The Misery of Historians.
     The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.
     A Due Process Emphasis.
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
     How Did It Begin.
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process.
    Anecdotes Revisited.
     Bane or Blessing.
     Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism.
    Peaceful Partnerships.
     A History.
    Managing the Invisible Media.
    The Anatomy of Conflict.
     Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.
    Burnout.
     Some Cautionary Notes.
     A Short History.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.
     A Critique and Models for Change.
     An Initial Reaction.
    Reznikoff's Testimony.
     The Neglected, Essential Activity.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity.
     Past and Present .
    When Goals Collide.
     Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.
    Striking a Balance.
     What We Had and What We Need.
     Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.
    The Winds of Change.
    In Search of the Delicate Balance.
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.
     A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.
    The Joy of Gathering.
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.
    Back to the Future.
    A New Twist on an Old Plot.
    On Asking for Help.
     A Paradigm Shift.
    On Having a Bad Day.
    Of Reference and Revelation.
    Beyond Training.
    The Circle of Life.
     A Cautionary Tale.
    On Not Doing Research.
     Pro- or Anti-Competitive.
     Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.
    Eulogy for My Father.
    Present in Its Absence.
     Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.
     Encountering a New Paradigm.
    On Fun.
     What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.

Cluster 2:
    Unanswerable Questions.
     That Is the Question.
     A Survey.
     A Decade Later, Is That Still the Question.
     Is That Still a Question?.
     A Survey .
     A Survey.
     Results of a Questionaire.
     A Survey.
    Statistics.
     A Descriptive Survey.
    NOTIS Users' Survey.
     An Historical Survey.
     A Survey.
     Too Many Unanswered Questions.
    Reply to Herskowitz's Unanswered Questions.
     A Report on the 1992-1993 Survey.
     Combating the Negative Findings of the Howland and Lewis Survey (abstract).
     A Survey.
    User Surveys.

Cluster 3:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
     Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
     Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .
     Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D..
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.
     Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
     The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
    Law Library Journal.
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline.
    By the Book.
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice.
     The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
    Practicing Reference.
     Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
     How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access.
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing.
     What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
     One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
     CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians.
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries.
     The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
     A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
     A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases.
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials.
     Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    The Technology of Law.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
     An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
     A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
     How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
     A Proto-Federal Register.
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    The European Human Rights System.
    Way beyond Legal Research.
     Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
     The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
    The Future of Library Collections.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
     Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
     Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.
    Black's Law Dictionary.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
     Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
     Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.
     A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
     Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
     How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries.
    Booksellers in Court.
     Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos.
     Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
     A Guide for American Law Librarians.
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
     Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
    The Long Tail of Legal Information.
     Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
     Ethical Issues in Libraries.
     Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.
    Books on My Desk.
     Library Space.
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
     Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act.
     How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School.
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
    A Third Place for the Law Library.
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore.
     Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
     Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.
     Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
     Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries.
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania.
     Property Rights in the World of Ideas.
     Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
     Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
     The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering.
     Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England.
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States.
     A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship.
     ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians.
     Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be.
     The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.
     How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards.
     Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
    A Century's Worth of Access.
     A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
     The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
     Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.
     Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing.
     The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
    Inclusion and Participation.
     Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
     What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services.
     A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
     Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
     How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries.
     Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.
     Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    Exploring Precedent.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
     Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
    From Rome to the Restatement.
     S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
     Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.
     The Training of a Millennial Librarian.
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.
     The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.
     The Local Librarian's Role.
    Bartleby in the Law Library.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    The State of Legal Research Education.
     A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
     Company Information for Law Students.
     A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
     The Academy and the Judiciary.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
     Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).
     One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.
     How Is AALL Doing.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School.
     How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China.
     An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
    Practicing Reference.
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community.
     Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations.
     A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury.
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
     Implications for Legal [Re]Search.
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library.
     The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
     The Librarians's Guide.
    Writing the Legal Record.
     Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.
    Nation Building and Law Collections.
     The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
     An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital.
     A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
     A Legal Research Odyssey.
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    The Reference Assistant.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    Access to the Justices' Papers.
     The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.
    Practicing Reference.
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.
    Practicing Reference.
     Navigating Law Librarianship While Black.
     A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression.
     D. L. Rhode's Cheating.
     Ethics in Everyday Life.
    Practicing Reference.
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.
     A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).
     Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information.
    Beyond the Annals of Murder.
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
     ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
     Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    Copyright's Highway.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library.
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession.
    Lincoln's Last Trial.
     The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
    Justice on Trial.
     The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer.
    The Making of a Justice.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.
     Statutory Notes in the United States Code.
     How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
    Justice in Plain Sight.
     How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.
     Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.
    Prosecuting the President.
     How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
     The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries.
    Legal Research Demystified.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Critical Legal Research.
    Fixing Law Schools.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
     Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
     Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.
     The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
    Correcting the Record.
     Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
     The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
    Who Is to Judge?.
     Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
     Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.
     Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
     Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
    Automating Legal Services.
     Justice through Technology.
    Coaching Copyright.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries.
     Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors.
     How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.
    Algorithms and Law.
    The Price of Justice.
     Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Hate Crimes.
     A Legal Research Guide.
    Key Directions in Legal Education.
    Digital Punishment.
     Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.
     Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.
    Law and Reputation.
     How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
     The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.
     Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
     Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
     Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
     Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.
    Modern Legal Scholarship.
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries.
     Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.
    Lyrics in the Law.
     Music's Influence on America's Courts.
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Hamilton and the Law.
     Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.
    Abortion and the Law in America.
     Roe v. Wade to the Present.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
     How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    Crisis Lawyering.
     Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.
    Movie Therapy for Law Students.
     Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
     Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.
     Can Law Keep up?.
    Knowledge Justice.
     Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    NCLC Digital Library.
     Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A History of the West Nutshells.
     Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
     Law and Policy Contexts.
     The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.
     Challenges of Inaccessible References.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright.
     Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Precedential Power Policies.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers.
     Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
    Punishment without Trial.
     Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.
    Rethinking Environmental Law.
     Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.
     A History of Library Digitization.
     How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence.
     The Artificial Judge.
     A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection.
     The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
    While Justice Sleeps.
    The Decline of Natural Law.
     How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.
     Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.
     State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
     A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    The Library.
     Law, Policy and Ethics.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice.
     How Data and the Law Interact.
    Rebalancing Copyright.
     Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    The Cincinnati Law Library.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    About Buying Law Books.
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The French Judiciary System.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
    Why a Law Library.
     City, County or State.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    Use of Law Books.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.
    The Forms of Law.
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.
    How One Law Library Is Administered.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    The Library and the People.
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.
    The State Law Index.
    The Legislation of Vermont.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    The Law Library Catalog.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Service in the Law Library .
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two.
     Session Laws.
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA..
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Murder in Middletown.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.
    Law Books and Literature.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Canadian Court Rules.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.
    Microphotography for Law Schools.
    An Early Connecticut Law School.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Legislative Councils.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Ohio Case Law.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    The Northampton Law School.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Legislative Councils.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
    Clements Library.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Military Justice.
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    Conventions and Officers.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    The Place of the Law Library.
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.
    Tarlton Library.
     The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.
    Law Books for the Blind.
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    What Price Law Librarians.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    Trials.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    Weeding a Law Collection.
    The Future of the Law Library.
     Scholar-Librarian.
    Indexing Law Books.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.
    The Classification of Law Books.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
    Moving Your Law Library.
    The Book that Made the Common Law.
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
    Reference Records.
    Rules of Court.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
     Legislative and Legal.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    From the Attic to the Courts.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law.
     Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    Library Photocopying and Copyright.
    Military Law Source Material.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    Comparative Law.
    Legal Festschriften.
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
    Research in Roman Law.
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829.
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.
    Judicial Writing.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    Medieval Roman Law.
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Project Lawsearch.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    The Law Library.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.
    The African Law Reports.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Law Library Architecture.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.
    Norway and International Law.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals.
     Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969.
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
     The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Humor in the Law Library.
    Matching Books with People.
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination.
     By a Law School Library Survey.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
     Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.
    Protection of Libraries.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    Law School Libraries.
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    County Law Libraries.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Librarians.
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
     A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship.
    Federal Funds.
     Availability to Law Libraries.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Videotape in the Law Library.
    Automation in Law Libraries.
    Law and Computers.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
    Juris.
     Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
     The Copyright Problem.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.
    Women in Libraries.
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
     18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Legal History and the Civil War.
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    Part I - Historic Trials.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.
    English Law Libraries.
    Art and the Law.
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
     Why Networks for Libraries.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
    Not by Books Alone.
     Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    Starting a Law School Library.
     Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    Publishing in International Law.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
     Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
    A New Law Firm Partnership.
     Administrators and Librarians.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
     The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
     A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Doing Justice.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
    France.
     Libraries of Law and Librarians.
     Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials.
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.
    Disabled Libraries.
     An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Doing Justice.
    How to Perform a Patent Search.
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research.
     The Kent State Case.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries.
    Rearranging a Law Library.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries.
    1979 County Law Library Survey.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Law Library Book Orders.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.
     The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers.
    Legal Futurology.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
     Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
     Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
    Legal Banter.
     A Legislative History Analysis.
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.
    Federal Documents 1980.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
    Tenure for the Law Library Director.
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law.
    Classification of Roman Law.
    Legal Banter.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation.
     Historical Development and Library Implications.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
     Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    Legal Citation Form.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    Legal Humor Dissected.
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.
     The Case of Earl Warren.
    The Bar Examination.
     Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
    Canon Law.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    Law Library Staff Meetings.
    Assisting Prisoners.
     Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.
    Far Beyond the Law Reports.
     Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems.
     A New Tool for Legal Research.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.
     Still a Future in Law Libraries.
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.
     An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
     Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges.
     A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
     Microcomputers in the Law Library.
     Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
    The Totally On-Line Library.
     Northwestern's Integrated Library System.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.
     Should the Law Library Join the System.
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.
    Paralegal Programs.
     An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
     The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.
     Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification.
     The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.
     School Library Censorship Controversies.
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library.
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.
    The National Law Library.
     Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries.
    The National Library of Medicine.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.
     An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey.
    Current Legal Periodicals.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    Law Library Inventories.
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians.
     The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Plain Language Statutes.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN.
    Library of Congress Law Classification.
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
     Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems.
     Legislative History for Law Students.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries.
     A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
     A Reality for Law Librarians.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries.
     A Legal Analysis.
     The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
     The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.
    The Publication of Federal Laws.
     Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.
    Programming for the New Library.
    Housing Books .
     Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Deconstructing Legal Research.
     A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
    The Law Library of the Future.
    Library Essentials.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
     Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
     The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    Legalese Revisited.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
     Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers.
     Law School Opportunities.
     Laws and Library Services.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
     A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    The Common Law in the American Legal System.
     Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries.
     The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.
     Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000.
     Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
    Legal Research.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse.
     Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.
     Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.
    British Legal Education.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom.
     Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Confidentiality of Library Records.
     A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
     The Confidentiality of Library Records.
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian.
     Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
     On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service.
     Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
     Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
     A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases.
     The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
     Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Reviving Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law.
     A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
     An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
    Training New Law Library Personnel.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases.
     France and the European Communities.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian.
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
     New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar.
     A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108).
     An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
     The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
     The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Rating the Justices.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America.
     The Case of Louisiana, The .
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Teaching Legal Research.
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries.
     Is There Anything Fair about It.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
     Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
     Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Legal Information for the Public.
     A Public Library Perspective.
    The Paralegal as Patron.
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law.
     A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
     An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue.
    Access to Depository Materials.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW.
     Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
     Librarians and Freedom of Expression.
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching.
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia.
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.
    Law Library Consortia.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
     Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    Judicial Activism in Prose.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage.
    Art Law Research.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library.
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.
     A Librarian's Dilemma.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries.
     A Court Evaluation Project.
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.
    Putting Legal Research into Context.
     A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
    Lawyering Decisions.
     New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries.
    Chutzpah and the Law.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
     The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).
    California Legal History.
     A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
     The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library.
     New Name for an Old Practice.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths.
     Introducing the Executive Librarian.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians.
     A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
     Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
    California Legal History.
     The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.
     A Compendium of Legal Trivia.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.
    The Albany Law School Journal.
    New York Statutory Index.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.
    Library By-Products.
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
    Researching California Ballot Measures.
     An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
     Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    The Library as Storyteller.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries.
    Shepardizing English Law.
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings.
    California Legal History.
     The California Constitution of 1849.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet.
     The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.
     Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.
     The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    Western Pacific Chapter.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace.
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions.
     Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
     Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research.
     A Viable Program for Law Schools.
     Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Better Search Engines for Law.
     Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
     Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
    Irish Legal History.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services.
     One Academic Law Library's Experience.
     Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age.
    alt.lawlibrarian.
     New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.
    Good Reads in the Law Library.
     How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
     Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.
    American Indians and Law Libraries.
     Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
    Reforming the Legal Profession.
     Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.
     Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.
     A Memorial.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.
    Persuasion in the Court.
     Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status.
     A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites.
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.
     Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
     Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries.
     Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.
    Learning from Library Science.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
     The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
     Law, Literature, Life.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.
     Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    The Supreme Court Compendium.
    With Justice for All.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.
    The Rule of Lawyers.
     How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.
     How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.
    Lawyer's Language.
     How and Why Legal Language Is Different.
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.
    European Law in the Past and the Future.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
    The Database and the Fields of Law.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians.
    The Sensory Law Library.
     Law Libraries 101.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews.
     The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.
    Story Time in the Law Library.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials.
     A Decision Tree for Librarians.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.
    The Victorian-Era Law Office.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking.
    European Union Legal Materials.
     Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    What's in a Statute Name.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.
    The Law Library Mission Statement.
    Law Libraries.
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web.
     Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
     What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21.
     A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship.
     Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
    Bollywood Law.
     Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.
     The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.
     The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.
     The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.
     The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries.
     An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
     Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.
     Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.
    Online Law Library Maps.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.
     Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.
    Private Bills and Private Laws.
     Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law.
     Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
     Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.
    Context and Legal Research.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology.
     Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.
    A Working Lawyer's Life.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.
     A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP.
     The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.
     Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
     A New Model for Law Library Leaders.
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.

Cluster 4:
    Discovering William Cook.
     The First Fifty Years.
     Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century.
     One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919.
    2010.
     The Year of the iPad.
    Editing Justinian's Corpus.
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).
    Morris L. Cohen.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
     Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
     Morris Cohen in the 1960s.
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation.
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon.
    Like Mark Twain.
     The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths.
    2018.
     The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.
     125 Years.
    The Rule of Five.
    Fight of the Century.
     The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes.
    The Book of Trespass.
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Alexander H. R. Fraser.
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    William George Eakins.
    J. G. Marvin.
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    Stephen B. Griswold.
    Famous and Curious Wills.
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.
    Daniel Dulany II.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
     Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).
    Gilson G. Glasier.
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.
    Gray's Inn and Its History.
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885.
     A Biographical Sketch.
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.
     Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
     The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C..
     His Life and Writings.
     Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).
     The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.
     The 19th Century - Part II.
     The 20th Century - Part III.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
     Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.
    Francois-Xavier Martin.
    Robert's Rules of Order.
     1969-1986.
    Dusty Books and Living History.
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.
    William Wyche.
    Harry Bitner.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs.
     1953-2002.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.
    Mike Jacobstein.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Little Biographies.
     The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.

Cluster 5:
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice.
    Arba N. Crane.
    Bilali - His Book.
     Class Action.
    MAUL.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus.
     The Curse of Boole.
     A Play in Six Acts.
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.
    The Queen of Chula Vista.

Cluster 6:
    Preserving Our Heritage.
     Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
     Selecting the Appropriate Tool.
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development.
     A White Paper.
     A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection.
     An Annotated Digital Catalogue.
     A White Paper.
     A Grey Paper.
    Who Owns This Article.
    Increasing Article Findability Online.
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited.
     From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.
     Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
     Preserving the First Draft of History.
    To Cite or Not to Cite.
     Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.
     A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
     A Collection Development Guide.
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    A Phantom Citation.
     A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.
     Paper Bound Originals.
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
    Space for a Periodical Collection.
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.
     Do We Need a Catalog.
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    Commercial Cataloging.
     Citations in Seconds.
     Cataloging - Part II.
     Exhibits - Part III.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    Bill Drafting.
    Indexing for Publishers.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog.
     New Uses for a Familiar Tool.
    The Photocopying Machine.
     OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.
    Researching Oral History Materials.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem.
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC.
     One Cataloger's Experience.
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.
    Planning a Publication Venture.
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion.
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.
     Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs.
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice.
    Archives and Manuscripts.
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.
     Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
    Cataloging Reform.
     Project CLEAR's Lexpert.
     A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
    The Video Collection.
     Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.
    Total Quality Management.
     The Paper Clip.
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle.
     Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.
     The Only Surviving Copy.
     A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.
     Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
    Preserving Digital Documents.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.
     Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.
     Solving a Collection Conundrum.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.
    Keeping Validity in Cite.

Cluster 7:
    Glass Half Full.
     Part I.
    Locked Collections.
     Part II.
    Getting to Know Fastcase.
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts.
    Locked Down.
    Tough Cases.
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.
    Part I - Records and Briefs.
    Part V - Women.
    Volume Count.
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs.

Cluster 8:
     Intersections of Identities and Expectations.
    Free to Be You and Me.

Cluster 9:
    Break 'Em Up.
    LIS Interrupted.
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.

Cluster 10:
     Who Needs It?.
    Let George Do It.
    Go and Tell the World.

Cluster 11:
    Coming into the Country.
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.
     What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.
     The Saskatchewan Approach.
     Where Are We Now.
    Climb High.
     High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.
    Leaving Paradise.
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness.
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains.
     Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
     Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.

Cluster 12:
     Making the Most of What You Have.
     Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.
     An Account of Its Development and Growth.
    Remodeling.
    Remodeling and Expanding Space.
    Expanding Your Base.
     Truly a Giant.
    Build It Right and They Will Come.
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish.

Cluster 13:
    Writing Buddies.
    Categorizing the Useful Arts.
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).
    Igniting the Conversation.
     Lexicographer for a Day.
     How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory.
    Free Speech in the Balance.
    English Conveyancing.
    Success through Speech.
    Musings.
     The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.
     An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
     A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.
    Introducing Students to LEXIS.
    Speak Memory.
     Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.
    Sexist Language.
    From Creativity to Computerese.
    Making Sense of Making Stories.
     Memos.
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection.
     Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.

Cluster 14:
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.
    Dissents from the Bench.
     A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.
     Text Transcript & Commentary.
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.
     Commentary on Fishlyn.
    Commentary.
    Response to Schanck.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.

Cluster 15:
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
    A Learning Experience.
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design.
    Degree Pedigree.
     Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
     Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
    Mentoring across Generations.
     Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.
     30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services.
    Upgrade Your Teaching.
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning.
     Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut.
     The Students.
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.
     University of Miami.
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
     Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
    Internship.
    Rights of Students in Higher Education.
     A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.
    Another Degree.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.
     The University of Richmond Experience.
     The Max Planck Institutes.
     University of Oklahoma.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984.
     The D.C. Experience.
     A Practicum.
     Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
    Improving Your Teaching.
     How Do Students Learn.
     A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.
    The Faculty Services Department.
     The Compleat Experience.
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses.
    Meet My Mentor.
    Faculty Services.
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge.
     Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century.
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.
     A Student's Perspective.
    Learning a Little about the World.
    Learning to Lead.

Cluster 16:
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.
    The NASA Information System.
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.

Cluster 17:
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough.
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms.
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact.
     Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
    A Human Algorithm.
     How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.
     Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.
     An Analysis of Automated Education.
    Planning for Automation.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know.
     How Automation Has Transformed the Law.
     Mind Mapping Complex Information.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts.

Cluster 18:
    Usual Cruelty.
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.

Cluster 19:
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.
     Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.
     Is It Possible to Draw the Line.
    The Bottom Lines.
    Reading between the Lines.
     Twenty-Five Selected Readings.

Cluster 20:
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    Define Leader.
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.
    Whom We Shall Serve.
    By Command of Her Majesty.
     An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.
     Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.
     Debunking Leadership Myths.
    Servant Leadership.

Cluster 21:
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.
     How the Laws of Fashion Made History.
    Fandom and the Law.
     A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.
    Emperor's New Clothes.

Cluster 22:
    Database Ownership.
    A Different Question of Open Access.
     Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
    Digital Rights Management.
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.
     National and International Perspectives.
    The Color of Creatorship.
     Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    Library for International Operations.
    Acquisitions.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Cooperative Acquisitions.
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition.
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    International Executive Agreements.
    Research in Securities Regulation.
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis.
     The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct.
     Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    International Business Transactions.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.
     A Consolidated Union Serials List.
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries.
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.
    From Ownership to Access.
     Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.
     Acquisitions for a New Century.
    Treaty Research Basics.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.
    What Do Directors Do.
    Foreign Official Gazettes.
     Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.

Cluster 23:
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims.
    USMARC Self-Defense.
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo.

Cluster 24:
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
    Seeking Inspiration.
    Learning New Applications.
    Research in the Wild.
    Inspiring Innovation.
     A Scholarly Essay.
     An Initial Study.
     What Works at Work.
    Enact Locally.
    Work Crunch.
    Everyday Research.
    The Practitioners' Council.
     A Baseline Study.
     A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.
    Dealing with Stress.
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.
     Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    Breaking down the Black Box.
     A Case Study.
     Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.
     Passive Aggression at Work.
    Here Come Your New Colleagues.
    Human Subjects Research Review.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.
     A New Framework.
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.
     A Step-by-Step Guide.
     A Step-by-Step Approach.
    Promises to Keep.
    Organized for Service.
     Planning, Leadership, and Programming.
    Impeccable Research.
    The Student Assistant.
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.
     Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    Introductory Statement.
    Certification Revisited.
     Recent Developments.
     A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
     A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
     Sources and Problems.
    Personnel Evaluation.
     The State of the Art.
     Overview Update 1975.
    Personnel Management.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.
    Introduction.
    Administrative Assistants.
     A Research Guide.
     History and Contemporary Analysis.
     Method and Application.
     An Index.
     The State of the Art, 1978.
    Job Descriptions.
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
    State Administrative Decisions.
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     A Case Study.
     An Analysis of Current Practice.
     The Field and Its Literature.
    Changes and Challenges.
     A Comparative Study.
    Regulating Rehabilitation.
     A New Approach.
    Integrating New Technology.
     Some Architectural Solutions.
     Theory and Practice.
     A Computer-Based Approach.
     Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
     A Practical Note.
    A Staff Exchange Program.
     A Guide to Research Sources.
     New Directions.
    Fees for Service.
     A Use Study.
     The Debate Revisited.
     The State of the Art, 1984.
     Challenges for Teaching Research.
     The Regional Schedules.
     The Practical Aspects.
    Professional Responsibility.
     A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability.
    Concept through Construction.
     An Overview.
    An Architect's Perspective.
    Review Essay.
     Management and Political Tool.
    The Creation of COUNSEL.
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda.
     The Challenge of Conceptual Research.
     Planning for Disaster.
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship.
    The ALA Accreditation Process.
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    A More Cooperative Clerk.
     Analysis or Psychoanalysis.
     Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.
     Planning, Design, and Development.
     A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.
     A Survey of Recent Literature.
     Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.
     An Overview via the Documents.
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove.
     An Overview.
     Administrative Issues and Concerns.
     Survey of Salary and Position Information.
     Selection and Evaluation.
     A Performance Study.
     The State of the Art.
     An Introduction.
    Teaching Research to Faculty.
    Managing the Boss.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    The Staff Study.
    Redefining a Profession.
     Ten Basic Guidelines.
     A Case Study.
    One Step at a Time.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    Project Management.
     A Technique for Coping with Change.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.
     An Overview of the Social Science Studies.
     An Analysis.
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.
     Staying Power.
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.
     An Overview and Guide to the Sources.
    Encounters with Sources.
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career.
    Finding out What They Want to Know.
     A Comparative Study.
     Some Practical Considerations.
    What Do You Do All Day.
    Researching outside the Box.
    Taking Care of Business.
    Working Together.
    Investigating Workplace Harassment.
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.
    Orienting New Employees.
     How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.
     Choices, Approaches, and Standards.
    Next Steps.
     How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.
     A Guide for Infrequent Users.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.
     Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.
    Time Management.
     Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .
    The Annual Performance Evaluation.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.
    Rebuilding the Profession.
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.
    The Pajama Way of Research.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.

Cluster 25:
    Finding Common Ground.
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.
    Merging West and Thomson.

Cluster 26:
    Got Ideas.
     An Update.
    A View from the Flip Side.
    Thanking and Being Thanked.
    The View from Above.
    Review.
    First.
    Exposure.
    The First.
    Getting by.
    Bold Minds.
    The Second.
     An Appreciation.
     An Appreciation.
    Response to Address of Welcome.
     An Appreciation.
     An Explanation.
    Most Distinct and Lively Pictures.
    Reviewing the State of the Art Reviews, or, How to Keep Up with Those Who Are Keeping Up.
    A Nickel for Your ----.
    Bridge of Words.
     Some Things to Bear in Mind.
     A Profile.
     Update.
     A Review and Some Suggestions.
    Pico and Beyond.
     A Review.
     An Apologetic .
     A Response.
     A Primer.
     An Update.
    The Last Word (I Hope).
     A Reply.
    Looking in Our Backyards.
     A Final Response.
     A Ten Year Review.
    Dough, Re, Me.
     An Appreciation.
    Keeping Watch on the Waterfront.
     What to Do.
    The Words We Live By.
    Re.
    A View from the Inside Looking In.
    Vision.

Cluster 27:
    Getting It from the Source.
    From Stele to Silicon.
     A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.
     What It Is and How to Get It.
     1993-2005 Supplement.
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.

Cluster 28:
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .
     The Problem of Functional Design.
     Some Functions and Problems.

Cluster 29:
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    Let's Talk about Race.
     Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor.
    Diversity.
    Surprising Differences.
    Diversity Dialogues.
     Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.
     What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity.
    Armed Citizens.
     Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.
     The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action.
    Part II - Blacks.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
     Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity and Professional Activism.
    Diversity in Conflict.
     Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.
     Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.

Cluster 30:
     Myth or Reality.
    Judging Inequality.
    Fraud and Deceit.
    Bounds and Reality.
     Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.
    Perception versus Reality.
    The Hearsay Rule.
    Baseless Hysteria.

Cluster 31:
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust.
     A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations.
    Abetting Batterers.
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.
     A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.
     Lessons from the Minor Leagues.

Cluster 32:
    Looking for Waldo.
    Just Looking.

Cluster 33:
    Marginal Workers.
     How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.
     Are There New Divisions of Labor.

Cluster 34:
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital.
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders.
    Leather Preservation.
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.
    Silk v. Corduroy.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters.

Cluster 35:
     Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.

Cluster 36:
    Breaking Down Link Rot.
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.
    Legal Looseleaf Services.

Cluster 37:
    A History of the Digests.
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.

Cluster 38:
    Choosing the Top Candidate.
    Shortlisted.
    One Vote Away.
    Ballots at Boalt.
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge.

Cluster 39:
     Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.

Cluster 40:
    Growing Pains.
    To Drink from the Well.
    Bar Relief.
     Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.

Cluster 41:
    Yellow Flag Fever.
     Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    COVID-19 in Asia.

Cluster 42:
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.
    The Shadow Code.
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics.
    Dress Codes.
    Clouds of Codes.
    Law School Honor Codes.

Cluster 43:
     Volume II, 871-1216.

Cluster 44:
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.

Cluster 45:
     Are Their Annotations Equal?.
     Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.
     Both and, Not Either or.

Cluster 46:
    Watson, Answer Me This.
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience.
    Vale Bunny Watson.
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex.
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words.
     Sandra Day O'Connor.
    Kennedy's Avenger.
    Elsie Basset.
    Helen in the Court.
    Helen in Academe.
    Diana Mary Priestly.
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.

Cluster 47:
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .

Cluster 48:
    About Microaggressions.
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microform Brief.
     Microforms - Part IV.
    Microform Update.
    Microforms.
    Microforms.
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.
    Microform Management.

Cluster 49:
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey.
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.
    Quo Vadis.
    De Minimis Curat Lex.
    Et Ano..

Cluster 50:
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.
    I Remember Them Well.

Cluster 51:
    We All Do It.
     The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.

Cluster 52:
     The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.
     The Making of an American Standard.
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence.
    Fifty More Constitutions.
    Addressing the Emerging Majority.
     Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.
    What about the Majority.
    Unifying the Nation.
     Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    Constitutional Personae.
     Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
    Sticking to the Union.
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.
    The United States Constitution in Film.
     Part of Our National Culture.
     Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
    A Different Democratic Divide.
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era.
    The Second Founding.
     How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
    Constitutional Orphan.
    American Contagions.
     The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.
    Taking Back the Constitution.
    Five Words That Changed America.
    Remaking Appalachia.
     African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.
    Gerrymandering the States.
     Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.
    Remarks on John William Wallace.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    Res Judicata.
    Letter from the President.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
     A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.
     A Preliminary Perspective.
     A Very Preliminary Listing.
     Mid-America's Experience.
     Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool.
     The Example of Prohibition.
     A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.
     A Modest Proposal.
    The Trouble with Utopia.
    The Other Amendments.
     Constitutional Amendments That Failed.
    To Defend the Constitution.
     Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.
     Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.
     Moving Forward on a National Plan.
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.
    Separating State from Church.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 53:
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .
     Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.

Cluster 54:
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature.

Cluster 55:
    On File with.
    Operation Compulex.
    Editor's Postscript.
    Print Citator Instruction.

Cluster 56:
    Temptations of the Sirens.
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide.
    Yesterday's Monsters.
    The Only Game in Town.
    Runaway Train.

Cluster 57:
     A Figuration in Flux.
    Time to Blossom.

Cluster 58:
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.

Cluster 59:
     Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.

Cluster 60:
    The Elephant in the Room.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.

Cluster 61:
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    Klassification.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
    Class K-Law.
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.
    Classification-The Choices.
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.
     Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
     History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.

Cluster 62:
     The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.
     How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.
     A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.

Cluster 63:
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel.

