Cluster 0:
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
    Addressing the Emerging Majority.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    Let's Talk about Race.
    What about the Majority.
    Inclusion and Participation.
     Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor.
    Diversity.
    Surprising Differences.
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital.
    Diversity Dialogues.
     Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.
    A Different Democratic Divide.
     What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
    American Contagions.
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity.
     Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.
    Armed Citizens.
     Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action.
    Part II - Blacks.
     Mid-America's Experience.
     Should the  Join the System.
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
     Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity and Professional Activism.
    Diversity in Conflict.
     Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.
     Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.

Cluster 1:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Legislative Reference Work and the .
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Some By-Products from Worcester County .
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
     Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D.
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
     Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
     The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.
    By the Book.
     The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice.
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
     Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
     How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access.
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing.
     What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
     CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians.
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries.
     The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
     A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
     A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases.
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials.
     Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    The Technology of Law.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
     An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
     A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
     How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
     A Proto-Federal Register.
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    Way beyond Legal Research.
     Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
     The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
    The Future of Library Collections.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
     Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Black's Law Dictionary.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
     Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
     Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
     A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
     Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
     How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries.
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence.
    Booksellers in Court.
     Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos.
     Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
     A Guide for American Law Librarians.
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    Fifty More Constitutions.
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
     Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
    The Long Tail of Legal Information.
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
     Ethical Issues in Libraries.
     Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.
    Books on My Desk.
     Library Space.
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
     Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act.
     How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School.
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
     Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore.
     Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
     Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
     Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries.
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania.
     Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.
     Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
     Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
     The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering.
     Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England.
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States.
     A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship.
     ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians.
     Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be.
     The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.
     How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the  Standards.
     Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
     The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
     Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing.
     Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
     What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services.
     A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
     Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries.
     Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.
     Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    Unifying the Nation.
     Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    Exploring Precedent.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
     Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
    From Rome to the Restatement.
     S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
     Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.
     The Training of a Millennial Librarian.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.
     The Local Librarian's Role.
     Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    The State of Legal Research Education.
     A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
     Company Information for Law Students.
     A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
     The Academy and the Judiciary.
    Constitutional Personae.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
     Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).
     One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School.
     How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic  in the Digital Age.
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China.
     An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community.
     Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury.
     Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
     Implications for Legal [Re]Search.
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library.
     The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
     The Librarians's Guide.
    Writing the Legal Record.
     Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.
    Nation Building and Law Collections.
     The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
     An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
     A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
     A Legal Research Odyssey.
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
    Remaking the Public  into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    Access to the Justices' Papers.
     The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.
     Navigating Law Librarianship While Black.
     A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression.
     Ethics in Everyday Life.
    Sticking to the Union.
     A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
     Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information.
    Beyond the Annals of Murder.
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
     ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
     Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    Copyright's Highway.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library.
    Lincoln's Last Trial.
     The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.
    Justice on Trial.
     The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
    The United States Constitution in Film.
     Part of Our National Culture.
     Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer.
    The Making of a Justice.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.
     Statutory Notes in the United States Code.
     How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
    Justice in Plain Sight.
     How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.
     Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.
    Prosecuting the President.
     How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era.
    The Second Founding.
     How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.
     The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries.
    Legal Research Demystified.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Critical Legal Research.
    Fixing Law Schools.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
     Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
     Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.
     The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
     Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
     The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
    Who Is to Judge?.
     Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
     Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
     Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
    Automating Legal Services.
     Justice through Technology.
    Coaching Copyright.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries.
     Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors.
     How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.
    Algorithms and Law.
    The Price of Justice.
     Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Hate Crimes.
     A Legal Research Guide.
    Key Directions in Legal Education.
    Digital Punishment.
     Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.
    Constitutional Orphan.
     Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.
    Law and Reputation.
     How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
     The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.
     Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
     The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.
    Taking Back the Constitution.
     Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
     Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
     Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.
    Modern Legal Scholarship.
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries.
     Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.
    Lyrics in the Law.
     Music's Influence on America's Courts.
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Hamilton and the Law.
     Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.
    Abortion and the Law in America.
     Roe v. Wade to the Present.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
     How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    Crisis Lawyering.
     Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.
    Movie Therapy for Law Students.
     Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
     Can Law Keep up?.
    Knowledge Justice.
     Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    NCLC Digital Library.
     Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A History of the West Nutshells.
     Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.
    Fandom and the Law.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
     African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.
     Law and Policy Contexts.
     The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright.
     Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Precedential Power Policies.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers.
     Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
    Punishment without Trial.
     Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.
    Gerrymandering the States.
    Rethinking Environmental Law.
     Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.
     A History of Library Digitization.
     How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence.
     The Artificial Judge.
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.
     A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
     The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
    While Justice Sleeps.
    The Decline of Natural Law.
     How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.
     Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.
     State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
     A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    The Library.
     Law, Policy and Ethics.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice.
    Rebalancing Copyright.
     Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    History of the Social , Boston.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    The County  System in Massachusetts.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    About Buying Law Books.
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a .
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The French Judiciary System.
    The Value of the  to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the  to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
     City, County or State.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    Use of Law Books.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.
    The Forms of Law.
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    The Library and the People.
    Chancellor Kent's .
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.
    The State Law Index.
    The Legislation of Vermont.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia .
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    Government Documents for the .
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two.
     Session Laws.
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Social , Boston, Massachusetts.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County , Pittsburg, PA.
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    The Small  and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Murder in Middletown.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    Recommendations for a County  of 30,000 Volumes.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.
    Law Books and Literature.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Canadian Court Rules.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    China's --Soochow University Law School Library.
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    Res Judicata.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.
    Microphotography for Law Schools.
    An Early Connecticut Law School.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Letter from the President.
    Legislative Councils.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
     of the United States Department of the Interior.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    General Reference Books for the .
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Topical Law Reporters in the .
    The New Mexico -A History.
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a .
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University  towards the Library's Patrons.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Ohio Case Law.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    The Northampton Law School.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Legislative Councils.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
    Clements Library.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of , Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Military Justice.
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    Conventions and Officers.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Tarlton Library.
    The New Los Angeles County  Building.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.
    Law Books for the Blind.
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    What Price Law Librarians.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    Library School Training for  Employees.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    Weeding a Law Collection.
     Scholar-Librarian.
    Indexing Law Books.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    Friends of the Library--in the .
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    Book Selection for the  on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a .
    The Classification of Law Books.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    The Book that Made the Common Law.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Rules of Court.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
     Legislative and Legal.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    From the Attic to the Courts.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Certification Revisited.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law.
     Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    Library Photocopying and Copyright.
    Military Law Source Material.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    Comparative Law.
    Legal Festschriften.
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
    Research in Roman Law.
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829.
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.
    Judicial Writing.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    Medieval Roman Law.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Project Lawsearch.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    The African Law Reports.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.
    Norway and International Law.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals.
     Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.
    California State  Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Development of the County .
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969.
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
     The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian .
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.
     Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a .
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Humor in the .
    Matching Books with People.
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    Litigation Concerning County  Fees.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination.
     By a Law School Library Survey.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship.
     A Preliminary Perspective.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
     Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.
    Protection of Libraries.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    Law School Libraries.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    Clinical Legal Education and the .
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    County Law Libraries.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress .
    Law Libraries and Librarians.
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
     A University of California and Los Angeles County  Joint Venture.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County .
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship.
     Availability to Law Libraries.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Automation in Law Libraries.
    Law and Computers.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County , and the University of Chicago.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
    Juris.
     Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
     The Copyright Problem.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.
    Women in Libraries.
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
     18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Legal History and the Civil War.
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.
    English Law Libraries.
    Art and the Law.
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
     Why Networks for Libraries.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
    Not by Books Alone.
     Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    Starting a Law School Library.
     Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a .
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
    Publishing in International Law.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
     Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library.
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
    A New Law Firm Partnership.
     Administrators and Librarians.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
     A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    Clinical Legal Education and the --An Update.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Doing Justice.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
     Libraries of Law and Librarians.
     Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
     A Very Preliminary Listing.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials.
    Disabled Libraries.
     An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Doing Justice.
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research.
     The Kent State Case.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries.
     OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
    Federal Documents 1979.
     Book Orders.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
     Services to Rural Lawyers.
     The Saskatchewan Approach.
    Legal Futurology.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.
     Law School, the New Legal Education and the .
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
    Legal Banter.
     A Legislative History Analysis.
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.
    Federal Documents 1980.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law.
    Classification of Roman Law.
    Legal Banter.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation.
     Historical Development and Library Implications.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
     Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    Legal Citation Form.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    Legal Humor Dissected.
     The Case of Earl Warren.
    The Bar Examination.
     Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
    Canon Law.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    Assisting Prisoners.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County .
    Far Beyond the Law Reports.
     Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems.
     A New Tool for Legal Research.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.
     Still a Future in Law Libraries.
     An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
     Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges.
     A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
     Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
    The Totally On-Line Library.
     Northwestern's Integrated Library System.
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    Paralegal Programs.
     An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
     Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification.
     The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.
     School Library Censorship Controversies.
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .
     Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
    The Special Committee on a National .
    The Role of the  of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    The National .
     Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries.
    The National Library of Medicine.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.
     An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey.
    Current Legal Periodicals.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians.
     The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Plain Language Statutes.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN.
    Library of Congress Law Classification.
     Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems.
     Legislative History for Law Students.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries.
     A Modest Proposal.
     A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
     A Reality for Law Librarians.
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries.
     A Legal Analysis.
     The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
     The Case of the California State Library, .
    The Publication of Federal Laws.
    Programming for the New Library.
    Housing Books .
     Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Deconstructing Legal Research.
     A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
    Library Essentials.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
     Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
     The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    Legalese Revisited.
     Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers.
     Law School Opportunities.
     Laws and Library Services.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and  Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
     A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    The Common Law in the American Legal System.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries.
     The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    Origins of California's County  System.
     Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000.
     Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
    Legal Research.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse.
    The ALA Accreditation Process.
     Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.
    British Legal Education.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom.
     Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Confidentiality of Library Records.
     A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
     The Confidentiality of Library Records.
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian.
     Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
     On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
     Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
     A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases.
     The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
     Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Reviving Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law.
     A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
     An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library.
     of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The  of Congress as a National .
    Building a National  to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian.
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
    Archives and Manuscripts.
     New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar.
     A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108).
     An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
     The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
     The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Rating the Justices.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America.
     The Case of Louisiana, The .
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Teaching Legal Research.
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries.
     Is There Anything Fair about It.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool.
     The Example of Prohibition.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Legal Information for the Public.
     A Public Library Perspective.
    The Paralegal as Patron.
    The History of the Los Angeles County .
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law.
     A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
     An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue.
    Access to Depository Materials.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW.
     Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
     Librarians and Freedom of Expression.
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
     Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    Judicial Activism in Prose.
     A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage.
    Art Law Research.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    County  Cataloging by the Minnesota State .
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
     A Librarian's Dilemma.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries.
     A Court Evaluation Project.
    Putting Legal Research into Context.
     A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
    Lawyering Decisions.
     New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries.
    Chutzpah and the Law.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
     The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).
    California Legal History.
     A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.
     The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths.
     Introducing the Executive Librarian.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians.
     Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
    California Legal History.
     The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
     A Compendium of Legal Trivia.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.
    The Albany Law School Journal.
    New York Statutory Index.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.
    Library By-Products.
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
    Researching California Ballot Measures.
     An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
     Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries.
    Shepardizing English Law.
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings.
    California Legal History.
     The California Constitution of 1849.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet.
     The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.
     Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the .
     The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    Western Pacific Chapter.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court.
     Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
     Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research.
     A Viable Program for Law Schools.
     Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Better Search Engines for Law.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
     Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
    Irish Legal History.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age.
    The Other Amendments.
     Constitutional Amendments That Failed.
    alt.lawlibrarian.
     New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.
    Good Reads in the .
     How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
     Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.
    American Indians and Law Libraries.
     Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.
     Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
    Reforming the Legal Profession.
     Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law.
     Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Persuasion in the Court.
     Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status.
     A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden .
     Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries.
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.
    Learning from Library Science.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
     The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
     Law, Literature, Life.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.
    A History of the Appellate Division , Rochester, New York.
     Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    The Supreme Court Compendium.
    To Defend the Constitution.
     Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.
    With Justice for All.
     Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.
    The Rule of Lawyers.
     How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.
     How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.
    Lawyer's Language.
     How and Why Legal Language Is Different.
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.
    European Law in the Past and the Future.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
    The Database and the Fields of Law.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians.
     Law Libraries 101.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews.
     The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials.
     A Decision Tree for Librarians.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.
     Moving Forward on a National Plan.
    The Victorian-Era Law Office.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking.
    European Union Legal Materials.
     Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    What's in a Statute Name.
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.
    Law Libraries.
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web.
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
     What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21.
     A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship.
     Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
    Bollywood Law.
     Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.
     The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.
     The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.
     The Experience of the National Indian .
     The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries.
     An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
     Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.
     Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.
    Private Bills and Private Laws.
     Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic  Directors.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law.
     Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
     Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.
    Context and Legal Research.
     Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.
    A Working Lawyer's Life.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.
    Separating State from Church.
     A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP.
     The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.
     Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 2:
     Burden or Blessing.
    Emotional Intelligence.
     What Works at Work.
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    Collaboration versus Communication.
    Work Crunch.
     Myth or Reality.
    Managing Conflict.
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    Dealing with Stress.
    Igniting the Conversation.
    Evolution and Opportunity.
     Passive Aggression at Work.
    Due Diligence.
    On Empathy.
    Locked Down.
    Negotiating Strengths.
     A Better Balance.
     How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory.
    Free Speech in the Balance.
    Promises to Keep.
    A Pattern of Violence.
    Judging Inequality.
    Insuring Your .
    Musings.
     A Burdensome Task.
     A Due Process Emphasis.
    Speak Memory.
     Bane or Blessing.
    Regulating Rehabilitation.
     Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
    Peaceful Partnerships.
    Bounds and Reality.
    The Anatomy of Conflict.
     Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity.
    Striking a Balance.
    In Search of the Delicate Balance.
     A Technique for Coping with Change.
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.
     Staying Power.
    On Asking for Help.
    Perception versus Reality.
    On Having a Bad Day.
    What Do You Do All Day.
    Working Together.
    Investigating Workplace Harassment.
     Memos.
    On Not Doing Research.
     Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.
     Mind Mapping Complex Information.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts.
    On Fun.

Cluster 3:
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims.
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).
    Milwaukee County  Defense Room.
     Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.
    USMARC Self-Defense.
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo.

Cluster 4:
     Best Practices in Academic  Hiring.
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
    Practicing Reference.
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
    Learning New Applications.
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.
    Research in the Wild.
     A Scholarly Essay.
    Define Leader.
     An Initial Study.
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    The Rewards of Tedium.
     The Making of an American Standard.
    Everyday Research.
    The Practitioners' Council.
     A Baseline Study.
     A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.
     Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.
     Resolutions of a New  Director.
     Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.
    Breaking down the Black Box.
     A Case Study.
     The Reality of Being a  Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic  Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    Mentoring across Generations.
    Human Subjects Research Review.
    Practicing Reference.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.
    The Strategic Academic  Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    The Reference Assistant.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
     30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.
     A New Framework.
    The Case for County  Consortia.
    Academic  Director Status since the Great Recession.
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.
     A Step-by-Step Guide.
     A Step-by-Step Approach.
    Upgrade Your Teaching.
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.
     Challenges of Inaccessible References.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning.
    Organized for Service.
     Planning, Leadership, and Programming.
    Impeccable Research.
    The Student Assistant.
    Service in the  .
    Autonomy in  Administration.
     The Students.
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.
     Administration-A Functional Approach.
     Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    Introductory Statement.
    The  Staff Manual.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the .
    Reference Records.
     Recent Developments.
    Background to  Education.
     A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
     A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
     Sources and Problems.
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the .
    Personnel Evaluation.
    Whom We Shall Serve.
    Internship.
     The State of the Art.
     Overview Update 1975.
    Personnel Management.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.
    Bill Drafting.
    Introduction.
     Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    Rights of Students in Higher Education.
    Administrative Assistants.
     A Research Guide.
     History and Contemporary Analysis.
     An Index.
     The State of the Art, 1978.
     A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.
    Job Descriptions.
    A  Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice.
    State Administrative Decisions.
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.
     A Case Study.
     An Analysis of Current Practice.
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process.
     The Viability of Staff Participation in  Administration.
     The Field and Its Literature.
    Changes and Challenges.
    Tenure for the  Director.
     A Comparative Study.
     A New Approach.
    Integrating New Technology.
     Theory and Practice.
    Researching Oral History Materials.
     A Computer-Based Approach.
     Staff Meetings.
     Reference Guidelines at Kratter , University of San Diego.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
     Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
     A Practical Note.
    A Staff Exchange Program.
     A Guide to Research Sources.
     New Directions.
    Fees for Service.
    Introduction to the National  Symposium.
     A Use Study.
     The Debate Revisited.
     The State of the Art, 1984.
     Challenges for Teaching Research.
     The Regional Schedules.
     The Practical Aspects.
    Professional Responsibility.
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability.
     An Overview.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic  Directors.
    Review Essay.
     Management and Political Tool.
    The Creation of COUNSEL.
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda.
     Planning for Disaster.
    Managing the  in the 1990s.
     Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    A More Cooperative Clerk.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service.
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice.
     Analysis or Psychoanalysis.
     Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.
    Training New  Personnel.
    Improving Your Teaching.
     How Do Students Learn.
     Planning, Design, and Development.
    Managing Student Assistants in the .
     A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.
     A Survey of Recent Literature.
     Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.
     An Overview via the Documents.
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove.
     An Overview.
     Administrative Issues and Concerns.
     Survey of Salary and Position Information.
     Project CLEAR's Lexpert.
     Selection and Evaluation.
     A Performance Study.
    Introduction to  Consortia.
     The State of the Art.
     Consortia.
     An Introduction.
    Tip Jars at the  Reference Desk.
     Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    Teaching Research to Faculty.
     A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    Managing the Boss.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    The Staff Study.
    Redefining a Profession.
     Ten Basic Guidelines.
     A Case Study.
    One Step at a Time.
    Meet My Mentor.
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.
    Evaluating Academic  Directors.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    Project Management.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.
    By Command of Her Majesty.
     An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.
     An Overview of the Social Science Studies.
     An Analysis.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.
     An Overview and Guide to the Sources.
    Encounters with Sources.
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career.
    Finding out What They Want to Know.
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge.
     Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.
     A Comparative Study.
     Some Practical Considerations.
    Beyond Training.
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century.
    Researching outside the Box.
    Taking Care of Business.
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.
    Orienting New Employees.
     How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.
    What Do Directors Do.
     Choices, Approaches, and Standards.
    Next Steps.
     A Guide for Infrequent Users.
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.
    The  Mission Statement.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.
     Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.
     Pro- or Anti-Competitive.
     A Student's Perspective.
    Learning a Little about the World.
    Time Management.
     Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.
    Learning to Lead.
     Debunking Leadership Myths.
     Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .
    The Search for a  Director.
    The Annual Performance Evaluation.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.
    Rebuilding the Profession.
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.
    Servant Leadership.
     A New Model for  Leaders.
    The Pajama Way of Research.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.

Cluster 5:
    Database Ownership.
    A Different Question of Open Access.
     The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age.
     Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
    Digital Rights Management.
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.
    The Nonsense Factory.
    The Color of Creatorship.
     Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
     Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
    Acquisitions.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Cooperative Acquisitions.
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition.
    Federal Funds.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic .
    How to Perform a Patent Search.
    Research in Securities Regulation.
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis.
     The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem.
     Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
     Inventories.
    A Marketing Plan for the .
    Marketing as an Integral Part of  Management.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.
     A Consolidated Union Serials List.
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries.
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.
    From Ownership to Access.
     Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.
     Acquisitions for a New Century.
    Issues in  Acquisitions.

Cluster 6:
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919.
     Volume II, 871-1216.
     The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
     Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.
    Compensation of  Personnel in 1951.
    Compensation of  Personnel in 1954.
    Compensation of  Personnel in 1955.
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.
    The  Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
     Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
     1969-1986.
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.
     1953-2002.
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.
     Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.

Cluster 7:
    Discovering William Cook.
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.
     The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
    Editing Justinian's Corpus.
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for  Management.
    Morris L. Cohen.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
     Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
     Morris Cohen in the 1960s.
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation.
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.
    Like Mark Twain.
     The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.
     The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes.
    The Book of Trespass.
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Alexander H. R. Fraser.
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    William George Eakins.
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    Stephen B. Griswold.
    Famous and Curious Wills.
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.
    Daniel Dulany II.
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.
    The Elbert H. Gary  of Northwestern University.
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885.
     A Biographical Sketch.
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
     The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C.
     His Life and Writings.
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
     Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.
     The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
     Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.
    Francois-Xavier Martin.
    Dusty Books and Living History.
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.
    The Smith Nicholas .
    An Index to Memorials Published in the  Journal, 1916-92.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner .
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.
    William Wyche.
    Harry Bitner.
     A Memorial.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
    Mike Jacobstein.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.
    Index of Memorials Published in the  Journal.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Little Biographies.
     The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.

Cluster 8:
    Finding Common Ground.
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.
    Merging West and Thomson.

Cluster 9:
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.
    An Unexpected Story.
    Dissents from the Bench.
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    Birth of a Nutshell.
    Adnan's Story.
    Ending Book Hunger.
     A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.
     Text Transcript & Commentary.
    For Fear the Gallows.
    Fraud and Deceit.
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    Anecdotes Revisited.
     Commentary on Fishlyn.
    Commentary.
     Some Cautionary Notes.
    Response to Schanck.
     A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    A New Twist on an Old Plot.
     A Cautionary Tale.
    The Hearsay Rule.
    Baseless Hysteria.

Cluster 10:
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital.
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders.
     How the Laws of Fashion Made History.
    Leather Preservation.
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.
    Silk v. Corduroy.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.
    Emperor's New Clothes.
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters.

Cluster 11:
    The Role of Conferences.
    A Third Place for the .
     What Does It All Mean.
    To Meet or Not to Meet.
    The Valuation of a .
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).
    A Place for Everything.
    A Place of One's Own.
    To Drink from the Well.
    Why a .
    The Potentialities of the .
    We Look at the .
    The Place of the .
    The .
     What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.
     What It Can Mean to You                    .
     The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.
     Where Are We Now.
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.
    The Joy of Gathering.
    The Circle of Life.

Cluster 12:
    It's All Enumerative.
    The Rule of Five.
     The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    The Preparation of the  List.
     A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.
     The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.
    Robert's Rules of Order.
    Sexist Language.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.

Cluster 13:
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough.
    The Road Not Yet Taken.
    Challenging the Status Quo.
    Coming into the Country.
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide.
    Invisible Women.
    Remaking Appalachia.
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.
     What Is Not Being Done.
    Managing the Invisible Media.
     The Neglected, Essential Activity.
    Leaving Paradise.
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness.
    The Trouble with Utopia.
    Runaway Train.
     Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
     Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.
    Present in Its Absence.

Cluster 14:
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.
    The NASA Information System.
     Method and Application.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the .
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the  .
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion.
     Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a .
     Electronic Data Interchange in the  Environment.

Cluster 15:
     D. L. Rhode's Cheating.
    J. G. Marvin.
    The State of Rhode Island .
     Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut.
     Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State .

Cluster 16:
    Glass Half Full.
     Part I.
     Part II.
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts.
    Part I - Records and Briefs.
    Part V - Women.
    Volume Count.
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs.

Cluster 17:
    Watson, Answer Me This.
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience.
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon.
    Vale Bunny Watson.
    Bartleby in the .
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex.
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words.
     Sandra Day O'Connor.
    Kennedy's Avenger.
    Elsie Basset.
    Helen in the Court.
    Helen in Academe.
    Diana Mary Priestly.
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.

Cluster 18:
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice.
    Arba N. Crane.
    Gilson G. Glasier.
    Bilali - His Book.
    MAUL.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus.
     The Curse of Boole.
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.
    The Queen of Chula Vista.

Cluster 19:
     Are Their Annotations Equal?.
     Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.
     Both and, Not Either or.

Cluster 20:
     Selecting the Appropriate Tool.
    On File with.
    The Visible File in a Small -Its Installation and Use.
     New Uses for a Familiar Tool.
    Editor's Postscript.
    Print Citator Instruction.

Cluster 21:
    Plays Well with Others.
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust.
     A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.
    Abetting Batterers.
    Tradition and Change in  Goals.
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge.
    When Goals Collide.
     Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.
     Lessons from the Minor Leagues.

Cluster 22:
    Preserving Our Heritage.
    The Essential  Journal.
     Journal.
    A  Journal Centennial Timeline.
     Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
     One Hundred Years of Preservation in  Journal.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional  Print Collection.
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development.
    The Quality of Academic  Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
     A White Paper.
     A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection.
     An Annotated Digital Catalogue.
    Locked Collections.
     A White Paper.
     A Historical Overview of Cataloging in  Journal.
     A Grey Paper.
    Who Owns This Article.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on  Collection Development.
    Increasing Article Findability Online.
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited.
     From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.
     Preserving the First Draft of History.
    To Cite or Not to Cite.
     Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
     A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
    Bolstering the Asian American  Collection.
     A Collection Development Guide.
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    A Phantom Citation.
    The  Catalog.
     Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.
    A History of the  Journal.
     Paper Bound Originals.
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
    Space for a Periodical Collection.
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.
     Do We Need a Catalog.
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of  Collections.
    Commercial Cataloging.
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.
     Citations in Seconds.
     Cataloging - Part II.
     Exhibits - Part III.
    American  Book Catalogs - Part I.
    Indexing for Publishers.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog.
    The Photocopying Machine.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.
    Authorship Characteristics in  Journal.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the  Journal.
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC.
     One Cataloger's Experience.
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.
    Planning a Publication Venture.
    Collection Development Impact of a National .
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic  .
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.
     Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic .
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs.
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.
     Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
    Cataloging Reform.
     A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
     Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.
     The Paper Clip.
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic .
     The Only Surviving Copy.
     A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.
     Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado .
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.
     Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
    Preserving Digital Documents.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.
     Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic .
     Solving a Collection Conundrum.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection.
    Keeping Validity in Cite.

Cluster 23:
     Intersections of Identities and Expectations.
    Free to Be You and Me.

Cluster 24:
    Break 'Em Up.
    LIS Interrupted.
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.

Cluster 25:
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.
     Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.
     Is It Possible to Draw the Line.
    The Bottom Lines.
    Reading between the Lines.
     Twenty-Five Selected Readings.

Cluster 26:
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging.
     Lessons Learned from Implementing a  Blog.
    Writing Buddies.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century.
    Categorizing the Useful Arts.
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.
     Lexicographer for a Day.
    Journalism under Fire.
    As the World Burns.
     A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.
    English Conveyancing.
    Success through Speech.
     An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
     A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.
    Introducing Students to LEXIS.
     Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.
    Burnout.
    From Creativity to Computerese.
    The Library as Storyteller.
    Making Sense of Making Stories.
    Story Time in the .
    A Blog's Life.
     Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.

Cluster 27:
    How One  Is Administered.
    Trials.
    Part I - Historic Trials.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.
     Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.
     Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.

Cluster 28:
    Marginal Workers.
     How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.
     Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.
     Are There New Divisions of Labor.

Cluster 29:
    Office E-Mail.
    In Defense of Wikipedia .
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore.
    The Power of RSS Feed.
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).
    A Defense of the Public Domain.
    Twitter.
    WikiLeaks.
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive.
    Data, Data, Data.
     Practical Information Security for Lawyers.
     Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
     Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.
    Social Media and Democracy.
    A World without Email.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press.
    The Right to Access Legal Information.
     How Data and the Law Interact.
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
    Firm Facts.
    Firm Facts.
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966.
    The Economic Value of Information.
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic .
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy.
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information.
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords.
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
    The Right to Receive Information.
     Data, Decisions, and Developments.
    Privacy.
     Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.
     Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.
     The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.
     Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.
    Let the People Know the Facts.
     Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology.

Cluster 30:
     The First Fifty Years.
     Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.
    Seeking Inspiration.
     Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.
    The Twenty-First Century .
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century.
     One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    Inspiring Innovation.
    The Twenty-First Century .
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).
    2010.
     The Year of the iPad.
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.
     A Reminiscence.
     Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
    A Century's Worth of Access.
     How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic)  Leaders.
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths.
    Here Come Your New Colleagues.
    2018.
    A Day in My  Life, Circa 2018.
    Retrospective.
    Back to the Future.
     125 Years.
     Reflections on My First 94 Years.
     An Intellectual History.
    Future-Proofing the News.
     From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.
    Cultivating Civility.
    Fight of the Century.
    Five Words That Changed America.
     Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.
     Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.
     A Fragile History.
    War and Peace in Outer Space.
    Binding in War Time.
    The Modern Medusa.
    Remarks on John William Wallace.
    Reflections.
    The Past, Present and Future of the .
     A Chronicle.
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.
    The Future of the .
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
    The Century Gap of  Statistics.
     A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.
     Endeavor v. Resignation.
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.
     A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
     The 19th Century - Part II.
     The 20th Century - Part III.
    The Misery of Historians.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.
    An Analysis of Academic  Growth Since 1907.
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism.
     A History.
     A Short History.
    The  of the Future.
    Tradition and Innovation in the .
     A Critique and Models for Change.
    Reznikoff's Testimony.
     Past and Present .
    Academic  Statistics, 1876-1992.
     What We Had and What We Need.
    The Winds of Change.
     New Name for an Old Practice.
     A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.
    Back to the Future.
     A Paradigm Shift.
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg.
    Of Reference and Revelation.
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.
    Eulogy for My Father.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.
     Encountering a New Paradigm.
     What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.

Cluster 31:
    Growing Pains.
    Bar Relief.
     Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.

Cluster 32:
     Budgets in Hard Times.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
     Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.

Cluster 33:
    The Elephant in the Room.
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.

Cluster 34:
    A Learning Experience.
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design.
    Degree Pedigree.
     Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
     The History of the UCLA , 1949-2000.
     Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.
     How Is AALL Doing.
    The Academic  in the Age of Affiliations.
     A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire .
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services.
     The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    The Harvard .
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    Reorganization of the  at Baylor University.
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.
    The Duke University  - An Account of Its Development.
    University of Washington  Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.
    Revival of the University of Virginia  in Wartime.
    The New College of  at the University of New Mexico.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas .
     The  of the University of Texas.
    The  of Baylor University.
    The New  Building at the University of Illinois.
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.
    The Harvard  and Some Account of Its Growth.
     University of Miami.
    The  of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Columbia University's  Course.
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University .
     Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
     The Experience of the University of Oregon .
    Another Degree.
     The University of Richmond Experience.
    The Move of the University of Michigan .
    University of Michigan  Microfom Policy.
     The Max Planck Institutes.
     University of Oklahoma.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia .
    Geac at the University of Maryland .
     The Golden Gate University  Membership Plan.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984.
     The D.C. Experience.
     A Practicum.
    Internal Audits in the Academic .
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship.
     A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.
    The Faculty Services Department.
     Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan .
    Access to Academic  Services.
    The New England  Consortium Experience.
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses.
    Faculty Services.
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.
     One Academic 's Experience.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan , 1910-1960.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA .

Cluster 35:
    Handling Water Damage in a .
    Decapitalization of Discards in a .

Cluster 36:
    Looking for Waldo.
    Just Looking.

Cluster 37:
    Greater Philadelphia  Association 1977 Survey.
    1979 County  Survey.
    Greater Philadelphia  Association 1979 Survey.
    Private  Survey 1988.
     Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas .
     1993-2005 Supplement.
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.

Cluster 38:
    Back and Forth.
    Getting to Know Fastcase.
    Tough Cases.
    Correcting the Record.
    Moving Your .
    Operation Compulex.
    In Re  Miscellany.
    Rearranging a .
     The Compleat Experience.

Cluster 39:
    Breaking Down Link Rot.
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.
    Legal Looseleaf Services.

Cluster 40:
     A Figuration in Flux.
    Time to Blossom.

Cluster 41:
    It Started with a Brick.
    --Post Earthquake.
     How Did It Begin.
     An Initial Reaction.

Cluster 42:
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms.
     The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact.
     Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
     How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.
     A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.
    A Human Algorithm.
     How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.

Cluster 43:
    Usual Cruelty.
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.

Cluster 44:
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.
    Videotape in the .
     Class Action.
     A Play in Six Acts.
    The Video Collection.

Cluster 45:
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .

Cluster 46:
     Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.

Cluster 47:
    About Microaggressions.
    From Stele to Silicon.
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microform Brief.
     Microforms - Part IV.
    Microform Update.
    Microforms.
    Microforms.
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.
    Microform Management.
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .

Cluster 48:
    Enact Locally.
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.
    Prototype for a Regional  Network.
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally.
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains.
    Online  Maps.

Cluster 49:
     Making the Most of What You Have.
     Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
     Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.
    How to Build a  without an Appropriation.
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings.
     An Account of Its Development and Growth.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on  Architecture.
    Some Notes on  Buildings.
     Architecture.
     The Problem of Functional Design.
    Remodeling.
     Some Architectural Solutions.
    Superseded Material in the .
     A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.
    Concept through Construction.
     Mastering the Art of  Design--Introduction.
    An Architect's Perspective.
    Remodeling and Expanding Space.
    Expanding Your Base.
     The Challenge of Conceptual Research.
     Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.
    Build It Right and They Will Come.

Cluster 50:
    Management of a Small .
    Some Problems of a Small .
     Some Functions and Problems.

Cluster 51:
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.

Cluster 52:
    Choosing the Top Candidate.
    Shortlisted.
    One Vote Away.
    Ballots at Boalt.

Cluster 53:
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.
     How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.

Cluster 54:
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.
    Temptations of the Sirens.
    Yesterday's Monsters.
    I Remember Them Well.

Cluster 55:
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.
     Truly a Giant.
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish.

Cluster 56:
    We All Do It.
     The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.

Cluster 57:
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey.
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.
    Quo Vadis.
    De Minimis Curat Lex.
    Et Ano.

Cluster 58:
    Web Site Accessibility.
     Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.
    Cybersecurity.
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking.
    The Internet of Things.
     Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.
    Runaway Technology.
    Pro Say Podcast.
    Along Came Google.
     Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.
     An Analysis of Automated Education.
    Automation in the Private .
     Microcomputers in  Automation.
     The Technical Problems.
    Planning for Automation.
     Microcomputers in the .
    Microcomputers and  Automation.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University .
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research.
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech.
    Computers.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the .
    Outsourcing.
     Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web.
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.
    Web Wizards.
    Designing and Maintaining  Web Sites.
     How Automation Has Transformed the Law.
    Netscape, Standards, and You.
     Managing a  Web Site Redesign Project.
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research.
    Cool Web Sites.
    Technology for Everyone.
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.
     Embracing the Computer Age.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 59:
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature.

Cluster 60:
    A History of the Digests.
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State .
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.
    The Sensory .

Cluster 61:
    The Cincinnati .
    Gray's Inn and Its History.
    The Only Game in Town.

Cluster 62:
    The European Human Rights System.
     Property Rights in the World of Ideas.
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations.
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
     Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.
     National and International Perspectives.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Library for International Operations.
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    International Executive Agreements.
    France.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.
    International Business Transactions.
     France and the European Communities.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    Treaty Research Basics.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.
    Foreign Official Gazettes.
     Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.

Cluster 63:
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel.

Cluster 64:
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.
    The Shadow Code.
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics.
    Dress Codes.
    Clouds of Codes.
    Law School Honor Codes.

Cluster 65:
    Yellow Flag Fever.
     Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    COVID-19 in Asia.

Cluster 66:
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    Klassification.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
    Class K-Law.
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.
    Classification-The Choices.
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.
     Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
     History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.

Cluster 67:
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.

Cluster 68:
    Getting It from the Source.
     What It Is and How to Get It.

Cluster 69:
    Climb High.
     High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.

Cluster 70:
     Protecting  Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
     Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.
     Standards of Quality for the  of Tomorrow.
    Total Quality Management.

