Cluster 0:
    A Century's Worth of Access: A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries: A Survey .
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries: Results of a Questionaire.
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries: OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries: Update.
    Cataloging Reform: An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.

Cluster 1:
    The End of Scholarly Bibliography: Reconceptualizing Law Librarianship.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Reforming the Legal Profession: Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians: A Student's Perspective.

Cluster 2:
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    Library Budgeting for Law Librarians: A Selected Bibliography, 1965-1986.

Cluster 3:
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories: A Reply.

Cluster 4:
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.

Cluster 5:
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession: Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.

Cluster 6:
    Law Libraries in California.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.

Cluster 7:
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .

Cluster 8:
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.

Cluster 9:
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    Classification in Law Libraries.

Cluster 10:
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.

Cluster 11:
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians: A Survey.

Cluster 12:
    The Curse of Thamus: An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems: The Curse of Boole.

Cluster 13:
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law: A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.

Cluster 14:
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    The Massachusetts State Library.

Cluster 15:
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
    Why a Law Library: City, County or State.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    County Law Libraries.

Cluster 16:
    Law and Literature: A Comment and Bibliography of Secondary Works.
    Law and Literature Brought to Book: A Provisional Bibliography of Bibliographical Sources.

Cluster 17:
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites: Some Practical Considerations.
    The Circle of Life: Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.

Cluster 18:
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.

Cluster 19:
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.

Cluster 20:
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.

Cluster 21:
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    Bibliography on Cataloging and Classification of Legal Materials.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.

Cluster 22:
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems: A New Tool for Legal Research.

Cluster 23:
    Automation in Law Libraries: The State of the Art.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.

Cluster 24:
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Starting a Law School Library.
    Marketing the Law School Library.

Cluster 25:
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs: 1953-2002.

Cluster 26:
    Tarlton Library: The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.

Cluster 27:
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries: A Figuration in Flux.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library: A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.

Cluster 28:
    Confidentiality of Library Records: A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
    A More Cooperative Clerk: The Confidentiality of Library Records.

Cluster 29:
    Pennsylvania Practice Materials: A Select Annotated Bibliography.
    Delaware Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Connecticut Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 30:
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    English Law Libraries.

Cluster 31:
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    Instruction in Legal Bibliography at Columbia University Law School.

Cluster 32:
    Library Administration of Historical Materials: Cataloging - Part II.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials: Exhibits - Part III.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials: Microforms - Part IV.

Cluster 33:
    The Teaching of Legal Bibliography.
    Innovations in Legal Bibliography Instruction.

Cluster 34:
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library: An Account of Its Development and Growth.

Cluster 35:
    California Legal History: The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
    California Legal History: The California Constitution of 1849.

Cluster 36:
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age: A Paradigm Shift.

Cluster 37:
    General Monographic Bibliographies - Part III.
    Legal Monographic Bibliographies - Part IV.

Cluster 38:
    Review Essay: Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.

Cluster 39:
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.

Cluster 40:
    Addressing the Emerging Majority: Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    Diversity Dialogues: Navigating Law Librarianship While Black: A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.

Cluster 41:
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.

Cluster 42:
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.

Cluster 43:
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.

Cluster 44:
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    Legal Reference Services: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 45:
    An Annotated Bibliography of Current New York State Practice Materials.
    New Jersey Practice Materials: A Select Annotated Bibliography.
    Wisconsin Practice Materials: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 46:
    Diversity: How Is AALL Doing.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.

Cluster 47:
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.

Cluster 48:
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.

Cluster 49:
    The Curse of Thamus: A Response.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.

Cluster 50:
    From the Editor: Teaching Legal Research.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
    Teaching Legal Research: Past and Present .
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    Putting Legal Research into Context: A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.

Cluster 51:
    The Need for a Bibliography of English Legal Manuscripts.
    British Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 52:
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.

Cluster 53:
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries: Where Are We Now.

Cluster 54:
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Beyond Training: Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.

Cluster 55:
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    Law Books and Literature.

Cluster 56:
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    The Place of the Law Library: Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    The Future of the Law Library.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The Law Library of the Future.
    Law Libraries: Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.

Cluster 57:
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.

Cluster 58:
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.

Cluster 59:
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.

Cluster 60:
    Bibliography of Julius J. Marke: 1949-2003.

Cluster 61:
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.

Cluster 62:
    The Pajama Way of Research.

Cluster 63:
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    Ohio Case Law.

Cluster 64:
    Arizona Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Utah Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 65:
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.

Cluster 66:
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians: An Update.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries: A Report on the 1992-1993 Survey.

Cluster 67:
    The Federal Trade Commission.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.

Cluster 68:
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.

Cluster 69:
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.

Cluster 70:
    Law School Libraries: Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries: The State of the Art, 1978.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries: The State of the Art, 1984.

Cluster 71:
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    Treaty Research Basics.

Cluster 72:
    Federal Documents, 1978.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Federal Documents 1980.

Cluster 73:
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.

Cluster 74:
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Law Library Architecture: The Problem of Functional Design.

Cluster 75:
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
    Practicing Reference: My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
    Practicing Reference: My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
    Practicing Reference: My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.

Cluster 76:
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    Twentieth-Century Virginia Legal Periodicals: A Bibliography and Commentary.

Cluster 77:
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    Law Library Management: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 78:
    Michigan Practice Materials: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.
    Kentucky Practice Materials: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 79:
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.

Cluster 80:
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.

Cluster 81:
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Microform Update: Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Microforms: Still a Future in Law Libraries.

Cluster 82:
    Library Photocopying and Copyright: Recent Developments.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying: An Historical Survey.

Cluster 83:
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School: University of Oklahoma.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers: Law School Opportunities.

Cluster 84:
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.

Cluster 85:
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.

Cluster 86:
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.

Cluster 87:
    John G. Marvin and the Founding of American Legal Bibliography.
    Annals of Legal Bibliography: J. G. Marvin.

Cluster 88:
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.

Cluster 89:
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship: A Preliminary Perspective.
    Paralegal Programs: An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.

Cluster 90:
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.

Cluster 91:
    The Queen of Chula Vista: Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.

Cluster 92:
    An Early Connecticut Law School: Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut: The Students.

Cluster 93:
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.

Cluster 94:
    Islamic Law Bibliography.
    Islamic Law Bibliography: Revised and Updated List of Secondary Sources.

Cluster 95:
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Moving Your Law Library.

Cluster 96:
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.

Cluster 97:
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    The Quebec Legal System: An Overview.

Cluster 98:
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.

Cluster 99:
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.

Cluster 100:
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management: Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.

Cluster 101:
    The Bibliography of Canadian Statute Law.
    Bibliography of Quebec or Lower Canada Laws.
    Bibliography of Canadian Statute Law, II.

Cluster 102:
    Speak Memory: Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
    Planning for Automation: Microcomputers in the Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation: New Directions.

Cluster 103:
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.

Cluster 104:
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.

Cluster 105:
    New Mexico Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Colorado Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 106:
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    Rebuilding the Profession: Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.

Cluster 107:
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.

Cluster 108:
    Arkansas Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Alabama Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 109:
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Academic Law Librarians Today: Survey of Salary and Position Information.

Cluster 110:
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.

Cluster 111:
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.

Cluster 112:
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.

Cluster 113:
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries: Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.

Cluster 114:
    Way beyond Legal Research: Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
    Legal Research and Its Discontents: A Bibliographic Essay on Critical Approaches to Legal Research.

Cluster 115:
    Idaho Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Oregon Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 116:
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries: Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.

Cluster 117:
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.

Cluster 118:
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.

Cluster 119:
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.

Cluster 120:
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.

Cluster 121:
    One Step at a Time: The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.

Cluster 122:
    Automating with Another Library's Bibliographic Records.

Cluster 123:
    Learning a Little about the World: Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.

Cluster 124:
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Law Library Journal: The First Fifty Years.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.

Cluster 125:
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish: An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.

Cluster 126:
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts: Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.

Cluster 127:
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.

Cluster 128:
    From the Editor: Endnote.

Cluster 129:
    Just Looking.

Cluster 130:
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .

Cluster 131:
    Present in Its Absence: Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.

Cluster 132:
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.

Cluster 133:
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.

Cluster 134:
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.

Cluster 135:
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.

Cluster 136:
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.

Cluster 137:
    Best Legal Reference Books.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.

Cluster 138:
    Online Law Library Maps.

Cluster 139:
    Let the People Know the Facts: Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.

Cluster 140:
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.

Cluster 141:
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection: The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.

Cluster 142:
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues: Part I.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues: Part II.

Cluster 143:
    Current Subject Compilations of State Laws: Research Guide and Annotated Bibliography.
    Subject Compilations of State Laws: Research Guide and Annotated Bibliography Update.

Cluster 144:
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    Historical and Bibliographical Notes on the Sheets of New Hampshire Statutes.

Cluster 145:
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.

Cluster 146:
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    Codes and Statutes of California: A Bibliography.

Cluster 147:
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.

Cluster 148:
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.

Cluster 149:
    Research in Roman Law: A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
    Medieval Roman Law: A Guide to the Sources and Literature.

Cluster 150:
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal: 1993-2005 Supplement.

Cluster 151:
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian: An Update.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 152:
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries: Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Changes and Challenges: Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.

Cluster 153:
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Current Legal Periodicals: A Use Study.

Cluster 154:
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.

Cluster 155:
    Klassification.
    Klassification Again.

Cluster 156:
    The Winds of Change: Acquisitions for a New Century.

Cluster 157:
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status: A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.

Cluster 158:
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.

Cluster 159:
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.

Cluster 160:
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.

Cluster 161:
    Legislative Councils.
    Legislative Councils.

Cluster 162:
    Legal Information as Social Capital.

Cluster 163:
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.

Cluster 164:
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.

Cluster 165:
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information: Encountering a New Paradigm.

Cluster 166:
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.

Cluster 167:
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.

Cluster 168:
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog: The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.

Cluster 169:
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court: An Overview of the Social Science Studies.

Cluster 170:
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.

Cluster 171:
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 172:
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools: The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools: Too Many Unanswered Questions.

Cluster 173:
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.

Cluster 174:
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    A Common Lawyer's French.

Cluster 175:
    The Law Library Mission Statement.

Cluster 176:
    American Indians and Law Libraries: Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.

Cluster 177:
    International Law Book Prices.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.

Cluster 178:
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.

Cluster 179:
    Acquisitions: Some Functions and Problems.
    Acquisitions - Part I.

Cluster 180:
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.

Cluster 181:
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.

Cluster 182:
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Indexing Law Books.

Cluster 183:
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21: A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.

Cluster 184:
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.

Cluster 185:
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research: What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.

Cluster 186:
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.

Cluster 187:
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.

Cluster 188:
    Foreign Official Gazettes: Solving a Collection Conundrum.

Cluster 189:
    Learning from Library Science.

Cluster 190:
    Story Time in the Law Library.

Cluster 191:
    From the Reference Desk to River City: A Bibliography of the Writings of Robert C. Berring.

Cluster 192:
    Research in Securities Regulation: Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.

Cluster 193:
    Frederick C. Hicks: The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.

Cluster 194:
    A Third Place for the Law Library: Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services: A Survey.

Cluster 195:
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 196:
    Business Information in the Law School: A Selective Bibliography of Commercial Sources.
    Business Information in the Law School: A Selective Bibliography of Government Documents.

Cluster 197:
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.

Cluster 198:
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.

Cluster 199:
    An Unexpected Story: The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship: What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.

Cluster 200:
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians: A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.

Cluster 201:
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.

Cluster 202:
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking: Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.

Cluster 203:
    Research on Legal Writing: A Bibliography.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing: Challenges for Teaching Research.

Cluster 204:
    It's All Enumerative: Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Classification: The Regional Schedules.

Cluster 205:
    Context and Legal Research.

Cluster 206:
    About Buying Law Books.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.

Cluster 207:
    Cool Web Sites.

Cluster 208:
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law: A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.

Cluster 209:
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.

Cluster 210:
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.

Cluster 211:
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.

Cluster 212:
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.

Cluster 213:
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984: Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.

Cluster 214:
    The Sensory Law Library.

Cluster 215:
    The Rule of Lawyers: How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.

Cluster 216:
    Evidence-Based Librarianship: Opportunity for Law Librarians       .

Cluster 217:
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    Faculty Services: Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.

Cluster 218:
    Law Librarians and Library Design, Construction, and Renovation: An Annotated Bibliography and Review of the Literature.

Cluster 219:
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.

Cluster 220:
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.

Cluster 221:
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    Orienting New Employees: Law Libraries 101.

Cluster 222:
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.

Cluster 223:
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web: Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.

Cluster 224:
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    A Bibliographic Overview of Early English Legal History.

Cluster 225:
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.

Cluster 226:
    What Law Librarians Collect.

Cluster 227:
    The Voting Rights Act of 1965: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 228:
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.

Cluster 229:
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.

Cluster 230:
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.

Cluster 231:
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century: The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.

Cluster 232:
    With Justice for All: Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.

Cluster 233:
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.

Cluster 234:
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.

Cluster 235:
    The Database and the Fields of Law: Are There New Divisions of Labor.

Cluster 236:
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.

Cluster 237:
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.

Cluster 238:
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.

Cluster 239:
    The Hearsay Rule.

Cluster 240:
    Bibliography of Legal History Articles Appearing in Law Library Journal, Volumes 1-94 (1908-2002).

Cluster 241:
    Eulogy for My Father.

Cluster 242:
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.

Cluster 243:
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.

Cluster 244:
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.

Cluster 245:
    Pico and Beyond: School Library Censorship Controversies.

Cluster 246:
    Vietnamese Law in English: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 247:
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.

Cluster 248:
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.

Cluster 249:
    Total Quality Management: Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.

Cluster 250:
    Separating State from Church: A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.

Cluster 251:
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.

Cluster 252:
    The Words We Live By: Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.

Cluster 253:
    Preserving Print Legal Information.

Cluster 254:
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally: Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.

Cluster 255:
    Records Retention in the Private Legal Environment: Annotated Bibliography and Program Implementation Tools.

Cluster 256:
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.

Cluster 257:
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research: Embracing the Computer Age.

Cluster 258:
    Bibliography versus Auto-Bibliography: Tackling the Transformation of Traditions in the Research Process.

Cluster 259:
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries: Lessons from the Minor Leagues.

Cluster 260:
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.

Cluster 261:
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know: Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.

Cluster 262:
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths: Introducing the Executive Librarian.

Cluster 263:
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.

Cluster 264:
    Integrating Remote Computer File Databases into the Collection with Bibliographic Description.

Cluster 265:
    Diversity and Professional Activism: Both and, Not Either or.

Cluster 266:
    Serving the Evening Law Student.

Cluster 267:
    Trafficking in Persons: An Annotated Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 268:
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.

Cluster 269:
    The Police Response to Spouse Abuse: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 270:
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.

Cluster 271:
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information: The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.

Cluster 272:
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.

Cluster 273:
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.

Cluster 274:
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.

Cluster 275:
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.

Cluster 276:
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries: A Critique and Models for Change.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries: The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.

Cluster 277:
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.

Cluster 278:
    Making Sense of Making Stories: Law, Literature, Life.

Cluster 279:
    Learning to Lead: Debunking Leadership Myths.

Cluster 280:
    To Defend the Constitution: Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.

Cluster 281:
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.

Cluster 282:
    The Law and Order of Presidency.

Cluster 283:
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.

Cluster 284:
    Baseless Hysteria: The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.

Cluster 285:
    Build It Right and They Will Come: The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.

Cluster 286:
    Et Ano..

Cluster 287:
    Report of Committee on Bibliography.

Cluster 288:
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.

Cluster 289:
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.

Cluster 290:
    Redefining a Profession.

Cluster 291:
    A Working Lawyer's Life: The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.

Cluster 292:
    European Union Legal Materials: A Guide for Infrequent Users.

Cluster 293:
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.

Cluster 294:
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.

Cluster 295:
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.

Cluster 296:
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.

Cluster 297:
    Art Law Research: An Introduction.

Cluster 298:
    Computers: Planning for Disaster.

Cluster 299:
    WESTLAW's DIScourse: Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.

Cluster 300:
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.

Cluster 301:
    Perception versus Reality: Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.

Cluster 302:
    Student Dress Codes in Public Schools: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 303:
    Working Together: Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.

Cluster 304:
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.

Cluster 305:
    Book Review: Red Flags: A Lawyer's Handbook on Legal Ethics.

Cluster 306:
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.

Cluster 307:
    Advanced Legal Research Courses: A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.

Cluster 308:
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 309:
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.

Cluster 310:
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.

Cluster 311:
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials: A Decision Tree for Librarians.

Cluster 312:
    Researching Tax Legislative History.

Cluster 313:
    An Architect's Perspective.

Cluster 314:
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification: The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.

Cluster 315:
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.

Cluster 316:
    Encounters with Sources.

Cluster 317:
    What's in a Statute Name.

Cluster 318:
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).

Cluster 319:
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.

Cluster 320:
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings: Ten Basic Guidelines.

Cluster 321:
    Western Pacific Chapter.

Cluster 322:
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness: Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.

Cluster 323:
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.

Cluster 324:
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.

Cluster 325:
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law: Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.

Cluster 326:
    The Only Game in Town: Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.

Cluster 327:
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.

Cluster 328:
    Opening a Window of Opportunity: The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.

Cluster 329:
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.

Cluster 330:
    The Right to Receive Information.

Cluster 331:
    Mike Jacobstein: Truly a Giant.

Cluster 332:
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.

Cluster 333:
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.

Cluster 334:
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.

Cluster 335:
    User Surveys: Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.

Cluster 336:
    Little Biographies.

Cluster 337:
    Firm Facts.
    Firm Facts.

Cluster 338:
    Legal Banter.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
    Legal Banter.

Cluster 339:
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.

Cluster 340:
    Soviet Bibliographic Control over Legal Literature: A Historical Bibliography.

Cluster 341:
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History: The 19th Century - Part II.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History: The 20th Century - Part III.

Cluster 342:
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.

Cluster 343:
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.

Cluster 344:
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries: Is There Anything Fair about It.

Cluster 345:
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.

Cluster 346:
    From the Editor: Talking about Shoes 'N' Stuff.

Cluster 347:
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School: The University of Richmond Experience.

Cluster 348:
    Outsourcing: New Name for an Old Practice.

Cluster 349:
    Climb High: High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.

Cluster 350:
    Legal Aspects of Passive Smoking: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 351:
    The Albany Law School Journal: The Only Surviving Copy.

Cluster 352:
    Back to the Future: Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.

Cluster 353:
    Leaving Paradise: Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.

Cluster 354:
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.

Cluster 355:
    From the Editor: Big Things.

Cluster 356:
    From the Editor: Supporting Professional Research.

Cluster 357:
    Investigating Workplace Harassment: How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.

Cluster 358:
    What Do You Do All Day.

Cluster 359:
    An Annotated Bibliography of Law Review Articles Addressing Feminist Perspectives on Law in Literature.

Cluster 360:
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.

Cluster 361:
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.

Cluster 362:
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills: Combating the Negative Findings of the Howland and Lewis Survey (abstract).

Cluster 363:
    Re: Memos.

Cluster 364:
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock: Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.

Cluster 365:
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.

Cluster 366:
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.

Cluster 367:
    Law and the Homeless: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 368:
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs: A Comparative Study.

Cluster 369:
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.

Cluster 370:
    On Fun.

Cluster 371:
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.

Cluster 372:
    William Wyche.

Cluster 373:
    Editor's Postscript: Staying Power.

Cluster 374:
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.

Cluster 375:
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.

Cluster 376:
    Print Citator Instruction: What to Do.

Cluster 377:
    A Bibliometric Study of Texas Law Reviews.

Cluster 378:
    Taking Care of Business: Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.

Cluster 379:
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.

Cluster 380:
    From the Editor--The Universal Citation Guide.

Cluster 381:
    The Trouble with Utopia.

Cluster 382:
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.

Cluster 383:
    Barcoding a Library Collection.

Cluster 384:
    Sourcebook on German Law.

Cluster 385:
    Expanding Your Base: The Law Librarian as Records Manager.

Cluster 386:
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career: How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.

Cluster 387:
    Time Management: Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.

Cluster 388:
    Private Bills and Private Laws.

Cluster 389:
    Legal Education and Technology II: An Annotated Bibliography .
    Legal Education and Technology III: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Legal Education and Technology: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 390:
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web: Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.

Cluster 391:
    Servant Leadership: A New Model for Law Library Leaders.

Cluster 392:
    Runaway Train: Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.

Cluster 393:
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.

Cluster 394:
    Keeping Validity in Cite: Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.

Cluster 395:
    Finding out What They Want to Know.

Cluster 396:
    Baseball and the Law: A Selected Annotated Bibliography, 1990-2004.

Cluster 397:
    Will Law Schools Go the Distance? An Annotated Bibliography on Distance Education in Law.

Cluster 398:
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage: The Paper Clip.

Cluster 399:
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters: Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.

Cluster 400:
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP: The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.

Cluster 401:
    Lawyering Decisions: New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.

Cluster 402:
    Dough, Re, Me: The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).

Cluster 403:
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries: Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.

Cluster 404:
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.

Cluster 405:
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.

Cluster 406:
    The Victorian-Era Law Office: How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.

Cluster 407:
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.

Cluster 408:
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries: A Modest Proposal.

Cluster 409:
    Law and the Visual Arts: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Legal and Bibliographic Developments in Law and the Visual Arts: One Year Later.

Cluster 410:
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.

Cluster 411:
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.

Cluster 412:
    Of Reference and Revelation.

Cluster 413:
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .

Cluster 414:
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    Training New Law Library Personnel: The Neglected, Essential Activity.

Cluster 415:
    Compulsive Gambling: A Selected, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 416:
    The Supreme Court Compendium: Data, Decisions, and Developments.

Cluster 417:
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.

Cluster 418:
    The Art and Science of Appellate Opinion Drafting: An Annotated Bibliography, 1977-1987.

Cluster 419:
    Sources of Alaska Legal History: An Annotated Bibliography, Part I.
    Sources of Alaska Legal History: An Annotated Bibliography, Part II.

Cluster 420:
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.

Cluster 421:
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.

Cluster 422:
    Vision: The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.

Cluster 423:
    A View from the Inside Looking In: The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.

Cluster 424:
    Do We Still Need Books - A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 425:
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia: The State of the Art.
    Law Library Consortia: The Compleat Experience.

Cluster 426:
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.

Cluster 427:
    What Do Directors Do.

Cluster 428:
    Bibliographical Perspectives on Roman and Civil Law.

Cluster 429:
    The Law Review Symposium Issue: Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.

Cluster 430:
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.

Cluster 431:
    From the Editor: It's the Network.

Cluster 432:
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.

Cluster 433:
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.

Cluster 434:
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.

Cluster 435:
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.

Cluster 436:
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.

Cluster 437:
    The Army's Law Libraries.

Cluster 438:
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.

Cluster 439:
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.

Cluster 440:
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.

Cluster 441:
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law: Twenty-Five Selected Readings.

Cluster 442:
    Cooperative Acquisitions: The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries: A Review.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions: An Analysis.

Cluster 443:
    De Minimis Curat Lex: A Compendium of Legal Trivia.

Cluster 444:
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains: Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.

Cluster 445:
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology: Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.

Cluster 446:
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.

Cluster 447:
    Next Steps: Moving Forward on a National Plan.

Cluster 448:
    Selective, Annotated Bibliography on the Electoral College: Its Creation, History, and Prospects for Reform.

Cluster 449:
    Clouds of Codes: The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct: A Survey.

Cluster 450:
    A Bibliography of the Tentative Drafts of the Restatements.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    A Bibliography of the Tentative Drafts of the Restatements, 1951-1958.

Cluster 451:
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.

Cluster 452:
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries: Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.

Cluster 453:
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.

Cluster 454:
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.

Cluster 455:
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library: A Modest Proposal.

Cluster 456:
    The Annual Performance Evaluation: Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.

Cluster 457:
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.

Cluster 458:
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research: A Viable Program for Law Schools.

Cluster 459:
    Law Library Design Bookshelf - An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 460:
    On Asking for Help.

Cluster 461:
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.

Cluster 462:
    An Annotated Bibliography of Texas Practice Materials.

Cluster 463:
    Persuasion in the Court: Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.

Cluster 464:
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.

Cluster 465:
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.

Cluster 466:
    Art and the Law.

Cluster 467:
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.

Cluster 468:
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.

Cluster 469:
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.

Cluster 470:
    Meet My Mentor: A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.

Cluster 471:
    Harry Bitner: A Memorial.

Cluster 472:
    alt.lawlibrarian: New Career Paths for Law Librarians.

Cluster 473:
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.

Cluster 474:
    The Economic Value of Information.

Cluster 475:
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.

Cluster 476:
    The ALA Accreditation Process: Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.

Cluster 477:
    Bibliography of J. Myron Jacobstein, 1952-99.

Cluster 478:
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    The Classification of Law Books.

Cluster 479:
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs: A Descriptive Survey.

Cluster 480:
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.

Cluster 481:
    Access to Depository Materials.

Cluster 482:
    Teaching Research to Faculty: Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.

Cluster 483:
    Netscape, Standards, and You.

Cluster 484:
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.

Cluster 485:
    Conventions and Officers: A Chronicle.

Cluster 486:
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.

Cluster 487:
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges: A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.

Cluster 488:
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool: The Example of Prohibition.

Cluster 489:
    Legal Futurology: The Field and Its Literature.

Cluster 490:
    Autonomous Law School Library: What It Can Mean to You                    .

Cluster 491:
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 492:
    The Bibliography on the Constitutional Aspects of the Recovery Program.

Cluster 493:
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.

Cluster 494:
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism: Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.

Cluster 495:
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses: A Librarian's Dilemma.

Cluster 496:
    Chutzpah and the Law.

Cluster 497:
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade: Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.

Cluster 498:
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.

Cluster 499:
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.

Cluster 500:
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials: A Survey of Recent Literature.

Cluster 501:
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.

Cluster 502:
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.

Cluster 503:
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.

Cluster 504:
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.

Cluster 505:
    The Totally On-Line Library: Northwestern's Integrated Library System.

Cluster 506:
    The Common Law in the American Legal System: The Challenge of Conceptual Research.

Cluster 507:
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.

Cluster 508:
    The Faculty Services Department: Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.

Cluster 509:
    Canon Law: History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.

Cluster 510:
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management: A Primer.

Cluster 511:
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.

Cluster 512:
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.

Cluster 513:
    Indexing for Publishers.

Cluster 514:
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library: A Ten Year Review.

Cluster 515:
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.

Cluster 516:
    Irish Legal History: An Overview and Guide to the Sources.

Cluster 517:
    Merging West and Thomson: Pro- or Anti-Competitive.

Cluster 518:
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW: An Analysis of Automated Education.

Cluster 519:
    Preserving Digital Documents: Choices, Approaches, and Standards.

Cluster 520:
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.

Cluster 521:
    The Staff Study: An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.

Cluster 522:
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.

Cluster 523:
    The Legislation of Vermont.

Cluster 524:
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship: The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.

Cluster 525:
    Housing Books .

Cluster 526:
    British Legal Education.

Cluster 527:
    Fight of the Century: Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.

Cluster 528:
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.

Cluster 529:
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.

Cluster 530:
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.

Cluster 531:
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries: A Court Evaluation Project.

Cluster 532:
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966: A Legislative History Analysis.

Cluster 533:
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library: A Survey.

Cluster 534:
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.

Cluster 535:
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act: Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.

Cluster 536:
    New York Statutory Index.

Cluster 537:
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.

Cluster 538:
    Volume Count: A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 539:
    Abortion and the Law in America: Roe v. Wade to the Present.

Cluster 540:
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.

Cluster 541:
    Comparative Law: The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.

Cluster 542:
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.

Cluster 543:
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition: A Review and Some Suggestions.

Cluster 544:
    Criminals in Nineteenth and Twentieth Century American Law and Literature: An Essay and Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 545:
    Web Wizards: Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.

Cluster 546:
    From Key Numbers to Keywords: How Automation Has Transformed the Law.

Cluster 547:
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Cluster 548:
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.

Cluster 549:
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis: The Technical Problems.

Cluster 550:
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.

Cluster 551:
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.

Cluster 552:
    Looking in Our Backyards.

Cluster 553:
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.

Cluster 554:
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.

Cluster 555:
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech: Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.

Cluster 556:
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.

Cluster 557:
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.

Cluster 558:
    Negotiating Strengths.

Cluster 559:
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000: Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.

Cluster 560:
    European Law in the Past and the Future: Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.

Cluster 561:
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg: Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.

Cluster 562:
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries: Should the Law Library Join the System.

Cluster 563:
    Law School Honor Codes.

Cluster 564:
    The Solo Practice of Law: From Business Basics to Tomorrow's Technology, An Annotated Bibliogrpahy of Resources, 1992-1997.

Cluster 565:
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.

Cluster 566:
    Managing the Boss.

Cluster 567:
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.

Cluster 568:
    Hate Crimes: A Legal Research Guide.

Cluster 569:
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda: A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses: 1969-1986.

Cluster 570:
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence: An Annotated Digital Catalogue.

Cluster 571:
    When Goals Collide: Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.

Cluster 572:
    Space for a Periodical Collection.

Cluster 573:
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.

Cluster 574:
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.

Cluster 575:
    Robert's Rules of Order: Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.

Cluster 576:
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem: Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.

Cluster 577:
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge: Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.

Cluster 578:
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.

Cluster 579:
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews: How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.

Cluster 580:
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.

Cluster 581:
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.

Cluster 582:
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.

Cluster 583:
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.

Cluster 584:
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs: A Study in Preservation Strategy.

Cluster 585:
    Rights of Students in Higher Education: A Due Process Emphasis.

Cluster 586:
    Doing Justice.

Cluster 587:
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.

Cluster 588:
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.

Cluster 589:
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.

Cluster 590:
    The Library as Storyteller.

Cluster 591:
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.

Cluster 592:
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.

Cluster 593:
    NOTIS Users' Survey: An Initial Reaction.

Cluster 594:
    Go and Tell the World: Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.

Cluster 595:
    Research in Federal Tax Law.

Cluster 596:
    Matching Books with People.

Cluster 597:
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.

Cluster 598:
    Part V - Women.

Cluster 599:
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.

Cluster 600:
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.

Cluster 601:
    Norway and International Law.

Cluster 602:
    Law and Economics: A Bibliographical Survey, 1965-1972.

Cluster 603:
    Break 'Em Up: Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.

Cluster 604:
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.

Cluster 605:
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.

Cluster 606:
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.

Cluster 607:
    On Having a Bad Day.

Cluster 608:
    Classified Information and Legal Research.

Cluster 609:
    The Quality of OCLC Bibliographic Records: The Cornell Law Library Experience.

Cluster 610:
    USMARC Self-Defense.

Cluster 611:
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.

Cluster 612:
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom: Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.

Cluster 613:
    Game Theory and Supreme Court Decision Making: A Bibliographic Overview.

Cluster 614:
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.

Cluster 615:
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.

Cluster 616:
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.

Cluster 617:
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.

Cluster 618:
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.

Cluster 619:
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.

Cluster 620:
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.

Cluster 621:
    The Cincinnati Law Library.

Cluster 622:
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.

Cluster 623:
    Shepardizing English Law.

Cluster 624:
    A Bibliography of Arthur Goldberg.

Cluster 625:
    Juris: Legal Information in the Department of Justice.

Cluster 626:
    Commercial Cataloging.

Cluster 627:
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.

Cluster 628:
    Programming for the New Library: An Overview.

Cluster 629:
    Legal Looseleaf Services: A Computer-Based Approach.

Cluster 630:
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation: What Is Not Being Done.

Cluster 631:
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching: A Performance Study.

Cluster 632:
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes: Text Transcript & Commentary.

Cluster 633:
    Legal Information for the Public: A Public Library Perspective.

Cluster 634:
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.

Cluster 635:
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.

Cluster 636:
    Gender-Based Persecution as a Basis for Asylum: An Annotated Bibliography, 1993-2002.

Cluster 637:
    Project Management: A Technique for Coping with Change.

Cluster 638:
    From the Editor: Good Writing.

Cluster 639:
    Job Descriptions: New Uses for a Familiar Tool.

Cluster 640:
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.

Cluster 641:
    Hungarian Legal Institutions and Their Publications: A Legal Bibliography with Translations and Annotations.

Cluster 642:
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.

Cluster 643:
    Defining Death and Dying: A Bibliographic Overview.

Cluster 644:
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.

Cluster 645:
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.

Cluster 646:
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.

Cluster 647:
    From the Editor: Public Access to the Law.

Cluster 648:
    Dusty Books and Living History: Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.

Cluster 649:
    Bollywood Law: Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.

Cluster 650:
    Acquisition of State Documents.

Cluster 651:
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.

Cluster 652:
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.

Cluster 653:
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.

Cluster 654:
    Reviewing the State of the Art Reviews, or, How to Keep Up with Those Who Are Keeping Up.

Cluster 655:
    Annotated Bibliography of Micrographic Sources for the Law Librarian.

Cluster 656:
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.

Cluster 657:
    Reznikoff's Testimony.

Cluster 658:
    Peaceful Partnerships: Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.

Cluster 659:
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.

Cluster 660:
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108): An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.

Cluster 661:
    Reply to Herskowitz's Unanswered Questions.

Cluster 662:
    Better Search Engines for Law.

Cluster 663:
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.

Cluster 664:
    Researching California Ballot Measures.

Cluster 665:
    Legalese Revisited.

Cluster 666:
    Anglo-American Legal Citation: Historical Development and Library Implications.

Cluster 667:
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research: The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.

Cluster 668:
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.

Cluster 669:
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove: A Play in Six Acts.

Cluster 670:
    In Search of the Delicate Balance: Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.

Cluster 671:
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.

Cluster 672:
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal: A Comparative Study.

Cluster 673:
    Sexist Language: An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.

Cluster 674:
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle: Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.

Cluster 675:
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.

Cluster 676:
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.

Cluster 677:
    Research Protocols in Reference Service: Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.

Cluster 678:
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.

Cluster 679:
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.

Cluster 680:
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.

Cluster 681:
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.

Cluster 682:
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.

Cluster 683:
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.

Cluster 684:
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 685:
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.

Cluster 686:
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.

Cluster 687:
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.

Cluster 688:
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories: Analysis or Psychoanalysis.

Cluster 689:
    It Started with a Brick.

Cluster 690:
    The Civil Law in Canada.

Cluster 691:
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.

Cluster 692:
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.

Cluster 693:
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.

Cluster 694:
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.

Cluster 695:
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings: University of Miami.

Cluster 696:
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.

Cluster 697:
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.

Cluster 698:
    Judicial Activism in Prose: A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.

Cluster 699:
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.

Cluster 700:
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.

Cluster 701:
    Rating the Justices.

Cluster 702:
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice: Striving for the Rule of Law in China.

Cluster 703:
    Library Essentials.

Cluster 704:
    Free to Be You and Me: Librarians and Freedom of Expression.

Cluster 705:
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.

Cluster 706:
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law: A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.

Cluster 707:
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.

Cluster 708:
    Not by Books Alone: Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.

Cluster 709:
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.

Cluster 710:
    International Business Transactions: A Guide to Research Sources.

Cluster 711:
    Res Judicata.

Cluster 712:
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 713:
    Trials: Paper Bound Originals.

Cluster 714:
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library: Planning, Design, and Development.

Cluster 715:
    Statistics: Management and Political Tool.

Cluster 716:
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace: A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.

Cluster 717:
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.

Cluster 718:
    From Creativity to Computerese: Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.

Cluster 719:
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.

Cluster 720:
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo: Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.

Cluster 721:
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.

Cluster 722:
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.

Cluster 723:
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.

Cluster 724:
    Reading between the Lines: Legislative History for Law Students.

Cluster 725:
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.

Cluster 726:
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research: Project CLEAR's Lexpert.

Cluster 727:
    Diversity in Conflict.

Cluster 728:
    Lawyer's Language: How and Why Legal Language Is Different.

Cluster 729:
    Current Research Sources in French Law.

Cluster 730:
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.

Cluster 731:
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).

Cluster 732:
    The Last Word (I Hope).

Cluster 733:
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.

Cluster 734:
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.

Cluster 735:
    Disabled Libraries: An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.

Cluster 736:
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.

Cluster 737:
    Diana Mary Priestly: An Appreciation.

Cluster 738:
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.

Cluster 739:
    State Administrative Decisions: A Very Preliminary Listing.

Cluster 740:
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.

Cluster 741:
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.

Cluster 742:
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship: Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 743:
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.

Cluster 744:
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.

Cluster 745:
    A Seventeenth Century Roman Law Bibliography: Jacques Godefroy and His Bibliotheca Juris Civilis Romani.

Cluster 746:
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.

Cluster 747:
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar: A Proposal for Library Package Plans.

Cluster 748:
    Legal Citation Form: Theory and Practice.

Cluster 749:
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.

Cluster 750:
    A History of the Digests.

Cluster 751:
    Remarks on John William Wallace.

Cluster 752:
    Freshmen Justices on the United States Supreme Court: A Bibliographic Overview of the Social Science Studies.

Cluster 753:
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.

Cluster 754:
    Law Libraries and Unions.

Cluster 755:
    Legal Research: A Final Response.

Cluster 756:
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.

Cluster 757:
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.

Cluster 758:
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet: A Case Study.

Cluster 759:
    Outlines for a Bibliography on Uniform Law.

Cluster 760:
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.

Cluster 761:
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.

Cluster 762:
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.

Cluster 763:
    Bricks and Books for the Twenty-First Century: A Selected Bibliography for Academic Law Library Planners.

Cluster 764:
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.

Cluster 765:
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.

Cluster 766:
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials: A Burdensome Task.

Cluster 767:
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.

Cluster 768:
    Law Library Book Orders: An Analysis of Current Practice.

Cluster 769:
    Publishing in International Law: History and Contemporary Analysis.

Cluster 770:
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.

Cluster 771:
    Statute Law Checklists.

Cluster 772:
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.

Cluster 773:
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries: Laws and Library Services.

Cluster 774:
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.

Cluster 775:
    Basic Bibliography for Native American Law.

Cluster 776:
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control: What It Is and How to Get It.

Cluster 777:
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.

Cluster 778:
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.

Cluster 779:
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.

Cluster 780:
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.

Cluster 781:
    Bibliographic Access to Legal Research Databases Reconsidered.

Cluster 782:
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.

Cluster 783:
    Fees for Service: The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.

Cluster 784:
    Keeping Watch on the Waterfront: Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.

Cluster 785:
    A Nickel for Your ----: The Copyright Problem.

Cluster 786:
    Online Legal Databases: France and the European Communities.

Cluster 787:
    The Paralegal as Patron.

Cluster 788:
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.

Cluster 789:
    Sir Anthony Fitzherbert: A Biographical Sketch and Short Bibliography.

Cluster 790:
    France: Libraries of Law and Librarians.

Cluster 791:
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library: Commentary on Fishlyn.

Cluster 792:
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.

Cluster 793:
    Response to Schanck: On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.

Cluster 794:
    While Justice Sleeps.

Cluster 795:
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.

Cluster 796:
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.

Cluster 797:
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .

Cluster 798:
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .

Cluster 799:
    The Case of the Phantom Thirteenth Amendment: A Historical and Bibliographic Nightmare.

Cluster 800:
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.

Cluster 801:
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.

Cluster 802:
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library: A Cautionary Tale.

Cluster 803:
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.

Cluster 804:
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.

Cluster 805:
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.

Cluster 806:
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian: A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.

Cluster 807:
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952: An Explanation.

Cluster 808:
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.

Cluster 809:
    A Comprehensive Library Survey: The D.C. Experience.

Cluster 810:
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers: The Saskatchewan Approach.

Cluster 811:
    Fluidity in Voting on the United States Supreme Court: A Bibliographic Overview of the Studies.

Cluster 812:
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability: The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.

Cluster 813:
    By Command of Her Majesty: An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.

Cluster 814:
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.

Cluster 815:
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.

Cluster 816:
    Part I - Historic Trials: The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.

Cluster 817:
    The Video Collection: Selection and Evaluation.

Cluster 818:
    Technology for Everyone...: Mind Mapping Complex Information.

Cluster 819:
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.

Cluster 820:
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.

Cluster 821:
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.

Cluster 822:
    Guide to Israel Legal Bibliography: Primary Sources.

Cluster 823:
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.

Cluster 824:
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.

Cluster 825:
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.

Cluster 826:
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.

Cluster 827:
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.

Cluster 828:
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.

Cluster 829:
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.

Cluster 830:
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.

Cluster 831:
    African Legal Periodicals: A Bibliography.

Cluster 832:
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.

Cluster 833:
    Remodeling.

Cluster 834:
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services: One Academic Law Library's Experience.

Cluster 835:
    Law Libraries in Italy.

Cluster 836:
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829: Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.

Cluster 837:
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.

Cluster 838:
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries: A Profile.

Cluster 839:
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.

Cluster 840:
    Good Reads in the Law Library.

Cluster 841:
    California Legal History: A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.

Cluster 842:
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses: A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .

Cluster 843:
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 844:
    A Blog's Life.

Cluster 845:
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.

Cluster 846:
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research: A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.

Cluster 847:
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.

Cluster 848:
    From the Editor: When 89 Equals 90.

Cluster 849:
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.

Cluster 850:
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.

Cluster 851:
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian: Endeavor v. Resignation.

Cluster 852:
    Bounds and Reality: Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.

Cluster 853:
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.

Cluster 854:
    State Legislative Histories: A Select, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 855:
    The Creation of COUNSEL: A Consolidated Union Serials List.

Cluster 856:
    Deconstructing Legal Research: A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.

Cluster 857:
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library: A History.

Cluster 858:
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.

Cluster 859:
    Majority Opinion Assignment on the U.S. Supreme Court: A Bibliographic Overview of the Social Science Studies.

Cluster 860:
    A New Law Firm Partnership: Administrators and Librarians.

Cluster 861:
    Statutes of the Forty-Eight States, by Subject: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 862:
    Comparable Worth in Libraries: A Legal Analysis.

Cluster 863:
    Select Annotated Bibliographies on Library Floor Covering and Library Security.

Cluster 864:
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.

Cluster 865:
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.

Cluster 866:
    How to Find the Law of the People's Repubic of China: A Research Guide and Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 867:
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.

Cluster 868:
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.

Cluster 869:
    Researching in an Imperfect World.

Cluster 870:
    Reviving Legal Research: A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.

Cluster 871:
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.

Cluster 872:
    On Not Doing Research.

Cluster 873:
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.

Cluster 874:
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW: Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.

Cluster 875:
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations: A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.

Cluster 876:
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.

Cluster 877:
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.

Cluster 878:
    From the Editor: Who We Are and What We Do.

Cluster 879:
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law: Problems of Interest to Libraries.

Cluster 880:
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.

Cluster 881:
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.

Cluster 882:
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.

Cluster 883:
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.

Cluster 884:
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library: Administrative Issues and Concerns.

Cluster 885:
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.

Cluster 886:
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals: Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals: Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals: Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.

Cluster 887:
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.

Cluster 888:
    Reference Records.

Cluster 889:
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.

Cluster 890:
    Bibliography of SEC Publications and Sources.

Cluster 891:
    Public Beach Access; An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 892:
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.

Cluster 893:
    The Second: Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.

Cluster 894:
    Japanese Law: A Selective Bibliographical Guide.

Cluster 895:
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.

Cluster 896:
    Education--A Lifelong Process.

Cluster 897:
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.

Cluster 898:
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.

Cluster 899:
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.

Cluster 900:
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.

Cluster 901:
    Professional Responsibility: A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.

Cluster 902:
    Remodeling and Expanding Space: Library Services during the Construction Period.

Cluster 903:
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.

Cluster 904:
    The Bar Examination: Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.

Cluster 905:
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.

Cluster 906:
    Cooperation among Lawyers.

Cluster 907:
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research: Some Cautionary Notes.

Cluster 908:
    From the Editor: On Continuing Education.

Cluster 909:
    Microform Management: A Practical Note.

Cluster 910:
    Concept through Construction: Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.

Cluster 911:
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.

Cluster 912:
    Commentary: Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.

Cluster 913:
    From the Editor: Reading Legal Research.

Cluster 914:
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law: A New Approach.

Cluster 915:
    Cybersecurity: Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.

Cluster 916:
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.

Cluster 917:
    The Legal Bibliography and User Needs.

Cluster 918:
    Library By-Products.

Cluster 919:
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice: Is It Possible to Draw the Line.

Cluster 920:
    The Joy of Gathering.

Cluster 921:
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.

Cluster 922:
    Working on the Law Reform Database.

Cluster 923:
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany: The Max Planck Institutes.

Cluster 924:
    Online Bibliographic services.

Cluster 925:
    Operation Compulex: What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.

Cluster 926:
    Humor in the Law Library.

Cluster 927:
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.

Cluster 928:
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion: The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.

Cluster 929:
    Gerontology and the Law: A Selected Bibliography.

Cluster 930:
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.

Cluster 931:
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.

Cluster 932:
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.

Cluster 933:
    Classification-The Choices.

Cluster 934:
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.

Cluster 935:
    Nevada Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 936:
    Gaelic Law in Early and Medieval Ireland: A Bibliography.

Cluster 937:
    Highest Aspirations or Barbarous Acts--The Explosion in Human Rights Documentation: A Bibliographic Survey.

Cluster 938:
    An American in London Law Libraries.

Cluster 939:
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.

Cluster 940:
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.

Cluster 941:
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969: A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.

Cluster 942:
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.

Cluster 943:
    Fraud and Deceit.

Cluster 944:
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.

Cluster 945:
    Archives and Manuscripts: New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.

Cluster 946:
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.

Cluster 947:
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.

Cluster 948:
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination: By a Law School Library Survey.

Cluster 949:
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.

Cluster 950:
    Introduction: Why Networks for Libraries.

Cluster 951:
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.

Cluster 952:
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.

Cluster 953:
    The Book that Made the Common Law: The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.

Cluster 954:
    Law Libraries and Librarians: A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.

Cluster 955:
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.

Cluster 956:
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.

Cluster 957:
    The Bottom Lines: Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.

Cluster 958:
    Montana Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 959:
    Bar Relief.

Cluster 960:
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.

Cluster 961:
    Legal Reference Books Review.

Cluster 962:
    A Reconstruction of Thamus: Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.

Cluster 963:
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.

Cluster 964:
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.

Cluster 965:
    From the Editor: Working with Facts.

Cluster 966:
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.

Cluster 967:
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA..

Cluster 968:
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .

Cluster 969:
    Tough Cases: Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.

Cluster 970:
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.

Cluster 971:
    Writing Buddies.

Cluster 972:
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.

Cluster 973:
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths: The Academy and the Judiciary.

Cluster 974:
    The Law Library: A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.

Cluster 975:
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon: The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.

Cluster 976:
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.

Cluster 977:
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.

Cluster 978:
    Research in the Wild: CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.

Cluster 979:
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.

Cluster 980:
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations: Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.

Cluster 981:
    Bartleby in the Law Library: Passive Aggression at Work.

Cluster 982:
    Some Nted Trials in Connecticut-A Bibliography.

Cluster 983:
    Emotional Intelligence: What Works at Work.

Cluster 984:
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.

Cluster 985:
    The Second Founding: How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.

Cluster 986:
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.

Cluster 987:
    Digital Rights Management: The Librarians's Guide.

Cluster 988:
    Indian Treaties: A Bibliography.

Cluster 989:
    Law Books for the Blind.

Cluster 990:
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.

Cluster 991:
    To Meet or Not to Meet: That Is the Question.

Cluster 992:
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.

Cluster 993:
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.

Cluster 994:
    United States Treaties and International Agreements: Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.

Cluster 995:
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.

Cluster 996:
    Weeding a Law Collection.

Cluster 997:
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.

Cluster 998:
    The Tax Court of the United States.

Cluster 999:
    International Executive Agreements: A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.

Cluster 1000:
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.

Cluster 1001:
    A Law Building for Indiana University.

Cluster 1002:
    Legal Bibliography and Legal History of the Netherlands.

Cluster 1003:
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.

Cluster 1004:
    A Bibliography of Legal Treatises of the District of Columbia.

Cluster 1005:
    From the Editor: A New Century.

Cluster 1006:
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.

Cluster 1007:
    Contemporary Land Grabbing: Research Sources and Bibliography.

Cluster 1008:
    A Pattern of Violence: How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.

Cluster 1009:
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.

Cluster 1010:
    From the Editor: The Last Chapter.

Cluster 1011:
    Inspiring Innovation: Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.

Cluster 1012:
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.

Cluster 1013:
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.

Cluster 1014:
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.

Cluster 1015:
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.

Cluster 1016:
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.

Cluster 1017:
    Another Degree.

Cluster 1018:
    A Bibliographic Essay of Selected Secondary Sources on the Common Law and Customary Law of English-Speaking Sub-Saharan Africa.

Cluster 1019:
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.

Cluster 1020:
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence: The Artificial Judge.

Cluster 1021:
    Researching Oral History Materials: The Case of Earl Warren.

Cluster 1022:
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China: An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.

Cluster 1023:
    Evolution and Opportunity: Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.

Cluster 1024:
    The Internet of Things: Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.

Cluster 1025:
    Review: D. L. Rhode's Cheating: Ethics in Everyday Life.

Cluster 1026:
    Precedential Power Policies.

Cluster 1027:
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.

Cluster 1028:
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel: A Research Guide.

Cluster 1029:
    On Empathy.

Cluster 1030:
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.

Cluster 1031:
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore: How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.

Cluster 1032:
    Challenging the Status Quo.

Cluster 1033:
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation: Property Rights in the World of Ideas.

Cluster 1034:
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.

Cluster 1035:
    Silk v. Corduroy: The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .

Cluster 1036:
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.

Cluster 1037:
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries: A Baseline Study.

Cluster 1038:
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.

Cluster 1039:
    Five Words That Changed America: Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.

Cluster 1040:
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 1041:
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.

Cluster 1042:
    The New Boston College Law Building.

Cluster 1043:
    Got Ideas.

Cluster 1044:
    Draft Law: A Selective Bibliography.

Cluster 1045:
    Library for International Operations.

Cluster 1046:
    Part II - Blacks.

Cluster 1047:
    Plays Well with Others.

Cluster 1048:
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims: The Local Librarian's Role.

Cluster 1049:
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).

Cluster 1050:
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.

Cluster 1051:
    The Power of RSS Feed.

Cluster 1052:
    How to Research Copyright Law.

Cluster 1053:
    COVID-19 in Asia: Law and Policy Contexts.

Cluster 1054:
    Impeccable Research: A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.

Cluster 1055:
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.

Cluster 1056:
    Unifying the Nation: Article IV of the United States Constitution.

Cluster 1057:
    To Drink from the Well: The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.

Cluster 1058:
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action: Planning, Leadership, and Programming.

Cluster 1059:
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era: An Intellectual History.

Cluster 1060:
    Kennedy's Avenger: Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.

Cluster 1061:
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.

Cluster 1062:
    Assisting Prisoners: Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.

Cluster 1063:
    Negligence Law for Libraries.

Cluster 1064:
    Office E-Mail: Burden or Blessing.

Cluster 1065:
    Pro Say Podcast.

Cluster 1066:
    Response to Address of Welcome.

Cluster 1067:
    Binding in War Time.

Cluster 1068:
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.

Cluster 1069:
    Justice in Plain Sight: How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.

Cluster 1070:
    Murder in Middletown.

Cluster 1071:
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers: Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.

Cluster 1072:
    Federal Economic Regulation through Wage and Price Control Programs: 1917-1980 A Selected Bibliography.

Cluster 1073:
    The European Human Rights System.

Cluster 1074:
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.

Cluster 1075:
    Lincoln's Last Trial: The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.

Cluster 1076:
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice: A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.

Cluster 1077:
    A World without Email: Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.

Cluster 1078:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.

Cluster 1079:
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .

Cluster 1080:
    Algorithms and Law.

Cluster 1081:
    Crisis Lawyering: Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.

Cluster 1082:
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer: Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.

Cluster 1083:
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression: How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.

Cluster 1084:
    Bibliography of Civil and Commercial Codes.

Cluster 1085:
    Who Owns This Article: Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.

Cluster 1086:
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.

Cluster 1087:
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library: Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.

Cluster 1088:
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright: Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.

Cluster 1089:
    The Book of Trespass: Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.

Cluster 1090:
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.

Cluster 1091:
    I Remember Them Well.

Cluster 1092:
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.

Cluster 1093:
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.

Cluster 1094:
    Sources for the Study of the Constitutional Era: A Bibliographical and Historiographical Essay.

Cluster 1095:
    Looking for Waldo.

Cluster 1096:
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.

Cluster 1097:
    Getting by: Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.

Cluster 1098:
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.

Cluster 1099:
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.

Cluster 1100:
    Copyright's Highway: From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.

Cluster 1101:
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.

Cluster 1102:
    The Decline of Natural Law: How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.

Cluster 1103:
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.

Cluster 1104:
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.

Cluster 1105:
    Burnout: A Reality for Law Librarians.

Cluster 1106:
    One Vote Away: How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.

Cluster 1107:
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.

Cluster 1108:
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.

Cluster 1109:
    Categorizing the Useful Arts: Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.

Cluster 1110:
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.

Cluster 1111:
    Along Came Google: A History of Library Digitization.

Cluster 1112:
    Gilson G. Glasier.

Cluster 1113:
    Condominium Homeownership in the United States: A Selected Annotated Bibliography of Legal Sources.

Cluster 1114:
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.

Cluster 1115:
    Promises to Keep: African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.

Cluster 1116:
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.

Cluster 1117:
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.

Cluster 1118:
    Forensic Bibliography: Reconstructing the Library of George Wythe.

Cluster 1119:
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.

Cluster 1120:
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline: Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.

Cluster 1121:
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.

Cluster 1122:
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services: Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.

Cluster 1123:
    Coaching Copyright.

Cluster 1124:
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes: Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.

Cluster 1125:
    About Microaggressions.

Cluster 1126:
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.

Cluster 1127:
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.

Cluster 1128:
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.

Cluster 1129:
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .

Cluster 1130:
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.

Cluster 1131:
    Bill Drafting.

Cluster 1132:
    Plain Language Statutes: Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.

Cluster 1133:
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 1134:
    A Legal Bibliographer in the Gold Rush.

Cluster 1135:
    Ballots at Boalt.

Cluster 1136:
    Unanswerable Questions.

Cluster 1137:
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust: A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.

Cluster 1138:
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.

Cluster 1139:
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.

Cluster 1140:
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.

Cluster 1141:
    Congressional Investigations: A Bibliography .

Cluster 1142:
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection: A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.

Cluster 1143:
    Gray's Inn and Its History.

Cluster 1144:
    Class K-Law: Do We Need a Catalog.

Cluster 1145:
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C.: His Life and Writings.

Cluster 1146:
    Codification of the Laws.

Cluster 1147:
    Reclassification at Berkeley.

Cluster 1148:
    Part III - Treatise Literature.

Cluster 1149:
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.

Cluster 1150:
    The Misery of Historians: Legal History and the Civil War.

Cluster 1151:
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.

Cluster 1152:
    Dress Codes: How the Laws of Fashion Made History.

Cluster 1153:
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries: Intersections of Identities and Expectations.

Cluster 1154:
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.

Cluster 1155:
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.

Cluster 1156:
    Dissents from the Bench: A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.

Cluster 1157:
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.

Cluster 1158:
    Far Beyond the Law Reports: Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.

Cluster 1159:
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.

Cluster 1160:
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.

Cluster 1161:
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials: Toward an Open Source Legal System.

Cluster 1162:
    Locked Down: Practical Information Security for Lawyers.

Cluster 1163:
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.

Cluster 1164:
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.

Cluster 1165:
    Edward Brinley Adams.

Cluster 1166:
    Back to the Future: ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.

Cluster 1167:
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania: Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.

Cluster 1168:
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.

Cluster 1169:
    To Cite or Not to Cite: Is That Still a Question?.

Cluster 1170:
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.

Cluster 1171:
    Blurred Lines - Intersexuality and the Law: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1172:
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).

Cluster 1173:
    A Bibliography of American Workmen's Compensation Commission Reports and Opinions.

Cluster 1174:
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.

Cluster 1175:
    Project Lawsearch.

Cluster 1176:
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.

Cluster 1177:
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.

Cluster 1178:
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.

Cluster 1179:
    Privacy: Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.

Cluster 1180:
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.

Cluster 1181:
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services: A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 1182:
    Francois-Xavier Martin: Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.

Cluster 1183:
    First: Sandra Day O'Connor.

Cluster 1184:
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.

Cluster 1185:
    Most Congenial Lawyer/Bibliographer.

Cluster 1186:
    The Library: A Fragile History.

Cluster 1187:
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases: An Initial Study.

Cluster 1188:
    Remaking Appalachia: Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.

Cluster 1189:
    Marginal Workers: How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.

Cluster 1190:
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.

Cluster 1191:
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.

Cluster 1192:
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.

Cluster 1193:
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries: Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.

Cluster 1194:
    The Elephant in the Room: Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.

Cluster 1195:
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.

Cluster 1196:
    Elsie Basset: An Appreciation.

Cluster 1197:
    Helen in Academe.

Cluster 1198:
    Bibliographical Notes on United States Patent, Trade-Mark, and Copyright Law.

Cluster 1199:
    The Library and the People.

Cluster 1200:
    Breaking down the Black Box: How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.

Cluster 1201:
    Twitter.

Cluster 1202:
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking: Mindfulness for Law Librarians.

Cluster 1203:
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.

Cluster 1204:
    Reflections.

Cluster 1205:
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.

Cluster 1206:
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.

Cluster 1207:
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging: Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.

Cluster 1208:
    Everyday Research.

Cluster 1209:
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.

Cluster 1210:
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.

Cluster 1211:
    The African Law Reports.

Cluster 1212:
    Historical Outline and Bibliography of Attorneys General Reports and Opinions-From Their Beginning through 1936.

Cluster 1213:
    Tenure for the Law Library Director: Bane or Blessing.

Cluster 1214:
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.

Cluster 1215:
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.

Cluster 1216:
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.

Cluster 1217:
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.

Cluster 1218:
    Administrative Assistants: Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.

Cluster 1219:
    Invisible Women: Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.

Cluster 1220:
    Military Law Source Material.

Cluster 1221:
    Black's Law Dictionary: The Making of an American Standard.

Cluster 1222:
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century: ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.

Cluster 1223:
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.

Cluster 1224:
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.

Cluster 1225:
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.

Cluster 1226:
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.

Cluster 1227:
    A Different Question of Open Access: Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.

Cluster 1228:
    The Making of a Justice: Reflections on My First 94 Years.

Cluster 1229:
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.

Cluster 1230:
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .

Cluster 1231:
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.

Cluster 1232:
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.

Cluster 1233:
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.

Cluster 1234:
    Organized for Service: The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.

Cluster 1235:
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885: A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 1236:
    A Primer on Bibliographic Organization.

Cluster 1237:
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.

Cluster 1238:
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.

Cluster 1239:
    Doing Justice: Class Action.

Cluster 1240:
    Writing Research Results for Publication.

Cluster 1241:
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.

Cluster 1242:
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.

Cluster 1243:
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.

Cluster 1244:
    Learning from Reference Experience.

Cluster 1245:
    Bilali - His Book.

Cluster 1246:
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.

Cluster 1247:
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.

Cluster 1248:
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.

Cluster 1249:
    Judging Inequality: State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.

Cluster 1250:
    How We Obtain Our Books.

Cluster 1251:
    English Conveyancing.

Cluster 1252:
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.

Cluster 1253:
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press: The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.

Cluster 1254:
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.

Cluster 1255:
    Exposure: Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.

Cluster 1256:
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.

Cluster 1257:
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms: A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.

Cluster 1258:
    Personnel Management.

Cluster 1259:
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.

Cluster 1260:
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.

Cluster 1261:
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).

Cluster 1262:
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 1263:
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.

Cluster 1264:
    What about the Majority: Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.

Cluster 1265:
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.

Cluster 1266:
    Degree Pedigree: Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 1267:
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.

Cluster 1268:
    Military Justice.

Cluster 1269:
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.

Cluster 1270:
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.

Cluster 1271:
    The Llibre Del Consolat De Mar: A Bibliography.

Cluster 1272:
    Discovering William Cook: Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.

Cluster 1273:
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.

Cluster 1274:
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.

Cluster 1275:
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.

Cluster 1276:
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .

Cluster 1277:
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.

Cluster 1278:
    Taking Back the Constitution: Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.

Cluster 1279:
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.

Cluster 1280:
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.

Cluster 1281:
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.

Cluster 1282:
    Bridge of Words: 18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.

Cluster 1283:
    Back and Forth: Library Space.

Cluster 1284:
    From the Attic to the Courts.

Cluster 1285:
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.

Cluster 1286:
    The Cost of Legal Publications.

Cluster 1287:
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.

Cluster 1288:
    Systems Analysis and the Law.

Cluster 1289:
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.

Cluster 1290:
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.

Cluster 1291:
    War and Peace in Outer Space: Law, Policy and Ethics.

Cluster 1292:
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.

Cluster 1293:
    A Learning Experience.

Cluster 1294:
    The Anatomy of Conflict: Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.

Cluster 1295:
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.

Cluster 1296:
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.

Cluster 1297:
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.

Cluster 1298:
    The Judicial System in Japan.

Cluster 1299:
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.

Cluster 1300:
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.

Cluster 1301:
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.

Cluster 1302:
    LIS Interrupted: Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.

Cluster 1303:
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.

Cluster 1304:
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs: A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.

Cluster 1305:
    Physician-Assisted Death: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1306:
    A Staff Exchange Program: Mid-America's Experience.

Cluster 1307:
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.

Cluster 1308:
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.

Cluster 1309:
    Bibliography of Military and Naval Law, A .

Cluster 1310:
    Mentoring across Generations: The Training of a Millennial Librarian.

Cluster 1311:
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.

Cluster 1312:
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.

Cluster 1313:
    2018: A Legal Research Odyssey: Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.

Cluster 1314:
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.

Cluster 1315:
    Beyond the Annals of Murder: The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.

Cluster 1316:
    Sources of Washington State Legal History: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1317:
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.

Cluster 1318:
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.

Cluster 1319:
    Fitzherbert's Natura Brevium: A Bibliographic Survey.

Cluster 1320:
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.

Cluster 1321:
    Small Claims Courts and Conciliation Tribunals: A Bibliography.

Cluster 1322:
    Law Library Staff Meetings: Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.

Cluster 1323:
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.

Cluster 1324:
    By the Book: Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.

Cluster 1325:
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore: Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.

Cluster 1326:
    The Photocopying Machine: How Did It Begin.

Cluster 1327:
    The Northampton Law School.

Cluster 1328:
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.

Cluster 1329:
    Law and Reputation: How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.

Cluster 1330:
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.

Cluster 1331:
    Anecdotes Revisited.

Cluster 1332:
    The Publication of Federal Laws: A Short History.

Cluster 1333:
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough: The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.

Cluster 1334:
    Legal Research without Books.

Cluster 1335:
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders: The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.

Cluster 1336:
    MAUL: An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.

Cluster 1337:
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.

Cluster 1338:
    Approaches to Library Automation.

Cluster 1339:
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.

Cluster 1340:
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.

Cluster 1341:
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex: One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.

Cluster 1342:
    From Stele to Silicon: Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.

Cluster 1343:
    A Library Design Bookshelf.

Cluster 1344:
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases: The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.

Cluster 1345:
    Microphotography for Law Schools.

Cluster 1346:
    Fixing Law Schools: From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.

Cluster 1347:
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items: An Index.

Cluster 1348:
    WikiLeaks: A Guide for American Law Librarians.

Cluster 1349:
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.

Cluster 1350:
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.

Cluster 1351:
    Emperor's New Clothes: Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .

Cluster 1352:
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.

Cluster 1353:
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.

Cluster 1354:
    Negotiating Weaknesses.

Cluster 1355:
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.

Cluster 1356:
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials: The Practical Aspects.

Cluster 1357:
    Classification of Roman Law: Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.

Cluster 1358:
    Hamilton and the Law: Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.

Cluster 1359:
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.

Cluster 1360:
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.

Cluster 1361:
    The Reference Assistant.

Cluster 1362:
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words: Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.

Cluster 1363:
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.

Cluster 1364:
    Who Is to Judge?.

Cluster 1365:
    Usual Cruelty: The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.

Cluster 1366:
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory: Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.

Cluster 1367:
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).

Cluster 1368:
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.

Cluster 1369:
    Famous and Curious Wills.

Cluster 1370:
    Introductory Statement.

Cluster 1371:
    Race and the Reference Librarian.

Cluster 1372:
    Products Liability Bibliography - a Comprehensive Subject Categorization of Law Journal Articles from January 1975 through August 1980.

Cluster 1373:
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.

Cluster 1374:
    Microforms: Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.

Cluster 1375:
    Thanking and Being Thanked.

Cluster 1376:
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.

Cluster 1377:
    Part I - Records and Briefs.

Cluster 1378:
    Internship: A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.

Cluster 1379:
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice: The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.

Cluster 1380:
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century: One Hundred Years of AALL History.

Cluster 1381:
    Fifty More Constitutions.

Cluster 1382:
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.

Cluster 1383:
    Musings.

Cluster 1384:
    From the Editor: Gold-Collar Librarians.

Cluster 1385:
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.

Cluster 1386:
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.

Cluster 1387:
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England: Volume II, 871-1216.

Cluster 1388:
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.

Cluster 1389:
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.

Cluster 1390:
    Microcards and Legal Materials.

Cluster 1391:
    Clements Library.

Cluster 1392:
    Leather Preservation.

Cluster 1393:
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919: A Proto-Federal Register.

Cluster 1394:
    Here Come Your New Colleagues: Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.

Cluster 1395:
    Managing the Invisible Media.

Cluster 1396:
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.

Cluster 1397:
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.

Cluster 1398:
    Lyrics in the Law: Music's Influence on America's Courts.

Cluster 1399:
    Legal Festschriften.

Cluster 1400:
    Birth of a Nutshell: Morris Cohen in the 1960s.

Cluster 1401:
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.

Cluster 1402:
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.

Cluster 1403:
    Planning a Publication Venture: The Development of Legal Information Management Index.

Cluster 1404:
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.

Cluster 1405:
    Choosing the Top Candidate: Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.

Cluster 1406:
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.

Cluster 1407:
    The Modern Medusa.

Cluster 1408:
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.

Cluster 1409:
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.

Cluster 1410:
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).

Cluster 1411:
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.

Cluster 1412:
    Preface to Pre-Trial Bibliography.

Cluster 1413:
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.

Cluster 1414:
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.

Cluster 1415:
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.

Cluster 1416:
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.

Cluster 1417:
    Law Libraries and Laboratories: The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.

Cluster 1418:
    Legal Data and Information in Practice: How Data and the Law Interact.

Cluster 1419:
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.

Cluster 1420:
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.

Cluster 1421:
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing: What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.

Cluster 1422:
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide: The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.

Cluster 1423:
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.

Cluster 1424:
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.

Cluster 1425:
    Fandom and the Law: A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.

Cluster 1426:
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.

Cluster 1427:
    Database Ownership: Myth or Reality.

Cluster 1428:
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.

Cluster 1429:
    A Preliminary Legal Bibliography of the Pitcairn Islands, South Pacific Ocean.

Cluster 1430:
    The Role and the Experiences of Supreme Court Law Clerks: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1431:
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.

Cluster 1432:
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.

Cluster 1433:
    From out of the Past and into the Future.

Cluster 1434:
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.

Cluster 1435:
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.

Cluster 1436:
    Judicial Writing: An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.

Cluster 1437:
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.

Cluster 1438:
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk: The Myth of Librarian Liability.

Cluster 1439:
    Work Crunch.

Cluster 1440:
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards: What Does It All Mean.

Cluster 1441:
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.

Cluster 1442:
    The Other Amendments: Constitutional Amendments That Failed.

Cluster 1443:
    Dealing with Stress.

Cluster 1444:
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.

Cluster 1445:
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.

Cluster 1446:
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.

Cluster 1447:
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.

Cluster 1448:
    Legal Research: Should Students Learn It or Wing It.

Cluster 1449:
    Getting It from the Source: What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.

Cluster 1450:
    Law Firm Knowledge Management: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1451:
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.

Cluster 1452:
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.

Cluster 1453:
    Rethinking Environmental Law: Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.

Cluster 1454:
    Viet Nam: Current Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 1455:
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).

Cluster 1456:
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act: How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.

Cluster 1457:
    Donating and Procuring Organs: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1458:
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.

Cluster 1459:
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.

Cluster 1460:
    California Current State Practice Materials: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1461:
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.

Cluster 1462:
    Subject Access to a Bibliographic Data Base for Law and Related Fields.

Cluster 1463:
    A Different Democratic Divide: How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.

Cluster 1464:
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.

Cluster 1465:
    Preserving Our Heritage: Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.

Cluster 1466:
    The Nonsense Factory: The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.

Cluster 1467:
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.

Cluster 1468:
    Vale Bunny Watson: Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.

Cluster 1469:
    Digital Punishment: Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.

Cluster 1470:
    From the Editor: Books about Statutes.

Cluster 1471:
    Watson, Answer Me This: Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.

Cluster 1472:
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.

Cluster 1473:
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.

Cluster 1474:
    Exploring Precedent.

Cluster 1475:
    The National Library of Medicine.

Cluster 1476:
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.

Cluster 1477:
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.

Cluster 1478:
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.

Cluster 1479:
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.

Cluster 1480:
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.

Cluster 1481:
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.

Cluster 1482:
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.

Cluster 1483:
    The Recruitment of Minority Librarians: A Bibliography of the Literature, 1990-1998.

Cluster 1484:
    A New Twist on an Old Plot: Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.

Cluster 1485:
    Juvenile Justice: A Bibliographic Essay.

Cluster 1486:
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.

Cluster 1487:
    Let's Talk about Race.

Cluster 1488:
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.

Cluster 1489:
    Bold Minds: Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.

Cluster 1490:
    Legal and Ethical Considerations of Mexican Divorces: A Bibliography.

Cluster 1491:
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.

Cluster 1492:
    Integrating New Technology: Some Architectural Solutions.

Cluster 1493:
    A View from the Flip Side: Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.

Cluster 1494:
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.

Cluster 1495:
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.

Cluster 1496:
    Quo Vadis.

Cluster 1497:
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.

Cluster 1498:
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.

Cluster 1499:
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.

Cluster 1500:
    Runaway Technology: Can Law Keep up?.

Cluster 1501:
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.

Cluster 1502:
    Writing the Legal Record: Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.

Cluster 1503:
    In Praise of Morris L. Cohen's Bibliography of Early American Law.

Cluster 1504:
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.

Cluster 1505:
    Abetting Batterers: What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.

Cluster 1506:
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.

Cluster 1507:
    Social Media and Democracy: The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.

Cluster 1508:
    Booksellers in Court: Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.

Cluster 1509:
    Morris L. Cohen: A Reminiscence.

Cluster 1510:
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.

Cluster 1511:
    The United States Constitution in Film: Part of Our National Culture.

Cluster 1512:
    Use of Law Books.

Cluster 1513:
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.

Cluster 1514:
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.

Cluster 1515:
    Finding Common Ground.

Cluster 1516:
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 1517:
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.

Cluster 1518:
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.

Cluster 1519:
    Alexander H. R. Fraser: An Appreciation.

Cluster 1520:
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries: A Step-by-Step Guide.

Cluster 1521:
    William George Eakins.

Cluster 1522:
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.

Cluster 1523:
    Enact Locally.

Cluster 1524:
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.

Cluster 1525:
    The United States Statutes at Large.

Cluster 1526:
    Acquiring International Legal Materials: Some Things to Bear in Mind.

Cluster 1527:
    Web Site Accessibility.

Cluster 1528:
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.

Cluster 1529:
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.

Cluster 1530:
    Book Review: The Accidental Law Librarian.

Cluster 1531:
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.

Cluster 1532:
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.

Cluster 1533:
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.

Cluster 1534:
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.

Cluster 1535:
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts: Making the Most of What You Have.

Cluster 1536:
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.

Cluster 1537:
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.

Cluster 1538:
    How to Perform a Patent Search: A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.

Cluster 1539:
    Law School Construction Since 1940-An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1540:
    A Place of One's Own: How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.

Cluster 1541:
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.

Cluster 1542:
    Legal Research Demystified: A Step-by-Step Approach.

Cluster 1543:
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.

Cluster 1544:
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors: A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.

Cluster 1545:
    Book Review: Professional Liability Issues for Librarians and Information Professionals.

Cluster 1546:
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.

Cluster 1547:
    From the Editor: On Bibliographies.

Cluster 1548:
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.

Cluster 1549:
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.

Cluster 1550:
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.

Cluster 1551:
    American Contagions: Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.

Cluster 1552:
    Legal History Learned as Legal Bibliography Well Told: The Case for Rare Book Courses in the Law School Curriculum.

Cluster 1553:
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.

Cluster 1554:
    Personnel Evaluation.

Cluster 1555:
    Diversity in the Profession.

Cluster 1556:
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.

Cluster 1557:
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.

Cluster 1558:
    The Long Tail of Legal Information: Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.

Cluster 1559:
    Microform Brief.

Cluster 1560:
    Book Review: Introduction to Law Firm Practice.

Cluster 1561:
    A Human Algorithm: How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.

Cluster 1562:
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.

Cluster 1563:
    Yesterday's Monsters: The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.

Cluster 1564:
    Temptations of the Sirens: Ethical Issues in Libraries.

Cluster 1565:
    The Arab-Israeli Conflict: A Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 1566:
    Rebalancing Copyright: Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.

Cluster 1567:
    Let George Do It.

Cluster 1568:
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.

Cluster 1569:
    Scientific Materials and the Law.

Cluster 1570:
    Diversity Deferred.

Cluster 1571:
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature: Legislative and Legal.

Cluster 1572:
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States: A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.

Cluster 1573:
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital: A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.

Cluster 1574:
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.

Cluster 1575:
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos: Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.

Cluster 1576:
    Law and Computers: Overview Update 1975.

Cluster 1577:
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.

Cluster 1578:
    The National Law Library: Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.

Cluster 1579:
    Letter from the President.

Cluster 1580:
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.

Cluster 1581:
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.

Cluster 1582:
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.

Cluster 1583:
    Nation Building and Law Collections: The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.

Cluster 1584:
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.

Cluster 1585:
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later: Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.

Cluster 1586:
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.

Cluster 1587:
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering: Thinking About What Lawyers Do.

Cluster 1588:
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.

Cluster 1589:
    The Road Not Yet Taken: How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.

Cluster 1590:
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.

Cluster 1591:
    Due Diligence: Company Information for Law Students.

Cluster 1592:
    For Fear the Gallows.

Cluster 1593:
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.

Cluster 1594:
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.

Cluster 1595:
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.

Cluster 1596:
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.

Cluster 1597:
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.

Cluster 1598:
    The French Judiciary System.

Cluster 1599:
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.

Cluster 1600:
    Videotape in the Law Library.

Cluster 1601:
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.

Cluster 1602:
    A Place for Everything: The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.

Cluster 1603:
    The Rewards of Tedium.

Cluster 1604:
    A Selected Bibliography on Library Networks.

Cluster 1605:
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited: Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.

Cluster 1606:
    Punishment without Trial: Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.

Cluster 1607:
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.

Cluster 1608:
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.

Cluster 1609:
    Inclusion and Participation: Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.

Cluster 1610:
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.

Cluster 1611:
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.

Cluster 1612:
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing: A Case Study.

Cluster 1613:
    Legal Humor Dissected.

Cluster 1614:
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge: Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.

Cluster 1615:
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.

Cluster 1616:
    Retrospective: 30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.

Cluster 1617:
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.

Cluster 1618:
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.

Cluster 1619:
    The Right to Access Legal Information: Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.

Cluster 1620:
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.

Cluster 1621:
    Whom We Shall Serve: Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.

Cluster 1622:
    Key Directions in Legal Education: National and International Perspectives.

Cluster 1623:
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990: An Overview via the Documents.

Cluster 1624:
    Helen in the Court.

Cluster 1625:
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.

Cluster 1626:
    Access to the Justices' Papers: A Better Balance.

Cluster 1627:
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.

Cluster 1628:
    From Ownership to Access: Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.

Cluster 1629:
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School: How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.

Cluster 1630:
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.

Cluster 1631:
    Seeking Inspiration.

Cluster 1632:
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.

Cluster 1633:
    Igniting the Conversation: Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.

Cluster 1634:
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.

Cluster 1635:
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.

Cluster 1636:
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.

Cluster 1637:
    The View from Above: How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.

Cluster 1638:
    Striking a Balance: Document Delivery in the Nineties.

Cluster 1639:
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.

Cluster 1640:
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.

Cluster 1641:
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection: A Collection Development Guide.

Cluster 1642:
    From the Editor: Writing about Original Research.

Cluster 1643:
    Collaboration versus Communication: Selecting the Appropriate Tool.

Cluster 1644:
    A Phantom Citation.

Cluster 1645:
    Stephen B. Griswold.

Cluster 1646:
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries: A Survey.

Cluster 1647:
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).

Cluster 1648:
    What Price Law Librarians.

Cluster 1649:
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.

Cluster 1650:
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.

Cluster 1651:
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.

Cluster 1652:
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.

Cluster 1653:
    Knowledge Justice: Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.

Cluster 1654:
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive: Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.

Cluster 1655:
    Yellow Flag Fever: Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.

Cluster 1656:
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.

Cluster 1657:
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey: Method and Application.

Cluster 1658:
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN: A Practicum.

Cluster 1659:
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.

Cluster 1660:
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy: What We Had and What We Need.

Cluster 1661:
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.

Cluster 1662:
    The Law Library Catalog: Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.

Cluster 1663:
    Gerrymandering the States: Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.

Cluster 1664:
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.

Cluster 1665:
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D..

Cluster 1666:
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.

Cluster 1667:
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship: Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.

Cluster 1668:
    Criminal Law and Criminology: A Bibliography of Periodicals.

Cluster 1669:
    Armed Citizens: The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.

Cluster 1670:
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.

Cluster 1671:
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design: A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.

Cluster 1672:
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.

Cluster 1673:
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.

Cluster 1674:
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .

Cluster 1675:
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.

Cluster 1676:
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP: A Decade Later, Is That Still the Question.

Cluster 1677:
    Human Subjects Research Review: Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.

Cluster 1678:
    The State Law Index.

Cluster 1679:
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.

Cluster 1680:
    How One Law Library Is Administered.

Cluster 1681:
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury: Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.

Cluster 1682:
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.

Cluster 1683:
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.

Cluster 1684:
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process: The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.

Cluster 1685:
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.

Cluster 1686:
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.

Cluster 1687:
    1979 County Law Library Survey.

Cluster 1688:
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.

Cluster 1689:
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.

Cluster 1690:
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries: A White Paper.

Cluster 1691:
    Learned Hand Bibliography.

Cluster 1692:
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.

Cluster 1693:
    Women in Libraries.

Cluster 1694:
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.

Cluster 1695:
    Correcting the Record: Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.

Cluster 1696:
    Protection of Libraries.

Cluster 1697:
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.

Cluster 1698:
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.

Cluster 1699:
    Like Mark Twain: The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.

Cluster 1700:
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.

Cluster 1701:
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library: 125 Years.

Cluster 1702:
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.

Cluster 1703:
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.

Cluster 1704:
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.

Cluster 1705:
    A History of the West Nutshells.

Cluster 1706:
    Define Leader: The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.

Cluster 1707:
    Increasing Article Findability Online: The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.

Cluster 1708:
    Book Selection and Acquisitions: Comments and Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 1709:
    The Role of Conferences.

Cluster 1710:
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.

Cluster 1711:
    The Student Assistant.

Cluster 1712:
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.

Cluster 1713:
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.

Cluster 1714:
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.

Cluster 1715:
    Breaking Down Link Rot: The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.

Cluster 1716:
    J. G. Marvin: An Appreciation.

Cluster 1717:
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital: One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.

Cluster 1718:
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor: A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.

Cluster 1719:
    We All Do It: Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.

Cluster 1720:
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.

Cluster 1721:
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.

Cluster 1722:
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.

Cluster 1723:
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.

Cluster 1724:
    A Bibliography of the Statute Law of Kansas.

Cluster 1725:
    Arba N. Crane.

Cluster 1726:
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.

Cluster 1727:
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.

Cluster 1728:
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.

Cluster 1729:
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be: The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.

Cluster 1730:
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.

Cluster 1731:
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.

Cluster 1732:
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.

Cluster 1733:
    Cultivating Civility: Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.

Cluster 1734:
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.

Cluster 1735:
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.

Cluster 1736:
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.

Cluster 1737:
    Modern Legal Scholarship: A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.

Cluster 1738:
    A Common Lawyer's Bookshelf Recreated: An Annotated Bibliography of a Collection of Sixteenth-Century English Law Books.

Cluster 1739:
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.

Cluster 1740:
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School: Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.

Cluster 1741:
    Journalism under Fire: Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.

Cluster 1742:
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.

Cluster 1743:
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.

Cluster 1744:
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.

Cluster 1745:
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.

Cluster 1746:
    Animal Rights: An Interdisciplinary, Selective Bibliography.

Cluster 1747:
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.

Cluster 1748:
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.

Cluster 1749:
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.

Cluster 1750:
    The Forms of Law.

Cluster 1751:
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.

Cluster 1752:
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries: A White Paper.

Cluster 1753:
    The Rule of Five: Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.

Cluster 1754:
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.

Cluster 1755:
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.

Cluster 1756:
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians: Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.

Cluster 1757:
    Time to Blossom: An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.

Cluster 1758:
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians: The Debate Revisited.

Cluster 1759:
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.

Cluster 1760:
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.

Cluster 1761:
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning: A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.

Cluster 1762:
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.

Cluster 1763:
    Upgrade Your Teaching: Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.

Cluster 1764:
    Progress Report of the Committee to Compile a Bibliography of Legal Bibliographies.

Cluster 1765:
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.

Cluster 1766:
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.

Cluster 1767:
    Practicing Reference: Lexicographer for a Day.

Cluster 1768:
    Success through Speech.

Cluster 1769:
    Free Speech in the Balance.

Cluster 1770:
    Law Library Inventories: An Apologetic .

Cluster 1771:
    Learning New Applications.

Cluster 1772:
    Logic, Law and Dreams.

Cluster 1773:
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact: Implications for Legal [Re]Search.

Cluster 1774:
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.

Cluster 1775:
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.

Cluster 1776:
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.

Cluster 1777:
    Possibilities of American Legal History.

Cluster 1778:
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.

Cluster 1779:
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.

Cluster 1780:
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.

Cluster 1781:
    Canadian Court Rules.

Cluster 1782:
    Law Librarian I Never Met.

Cluster 1783:
    Introducing Students to LEXIS: A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.

Cluster 1784:
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.

Cluster 1785:
    Survival of Civil Law in North America: The Case of Louisiana, The .

Cluster 1786:
    The Future of Library Collections.

Cluster 1787:
    Managing Conflict.

Cluster 1788:
    Constitutional Personae.

Cluster 1789:
    Editing Justinian's Corpus: A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.

Cluster 1790:
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.

Cluster 1791:
    Glass Half Full.

Cluster 1792:
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.

Cluster 1793:
    Ending Book Hunger: Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.

Cluster 1794:
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.

Cluster 1795:
    Rearranging a Law Library: A Case Study.

Cluster 1796:
    The Practitioners' Council: Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.

Cluster 1797:
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.

Cluster 1798:
    Book Review, Principles of Legal Research, Second Edition.

Cluster 1799:
    Getting to Know Fastcase.

Cluster 1800:
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.

Cluster 1801:
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey: Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .

Cluster 1802:
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.

Cluster 1803:
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information: A New Framework.

Cluster 1804:
    Regulating Rehabilitation.

Cluster 1805:
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research: The Kent State Case.

Cluster 1806:
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.

Cluster 1807:
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.

Cluster 1808:
    As the World Burns: The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.

Cluster 1809:
    The Price of Justice: Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.

Cluster 1810:
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals: Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.

Cluster 1811:
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.

Cluster 1812:
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community: Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.

Cluster 1813:
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.

Cluster 1814:
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.

Cluster 1815:
    Shortlisted: Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.

Cluster 1816:
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.

Cluster 1817:
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.

Cluster 1818:
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition: Sources and Problems.

Cluster 1819:
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.

Cluster 1820:
    Planning Update--Commentary and Bibliography.

Cluster 1821:
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC: One Cataloger's Experience.

Cluster 1822:
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.

Cluster 1823:
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.

Cluster 1824:
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.

Cluster 1825:
    NCLC Digital Library.

Cluster 1826:
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.

Cluster 1827:
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.

Cluster 1828:
    Rules of Court.

Cluster 1829:
    The Shadow Code: Statutory Notes in the United States Code.

Cluster 1830:
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.

Cluster 1831:
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access: Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.

Cluster 1832:
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development: How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.

Cluster 1833:
    Data, Data, Data.

Cluster 1834:
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.

Cluster 1835:
    A Defense of the Public Domain: A Scholarly Essay.

Cluster 1836:
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.

Cluster 1837:
    The Technology of Law.

Cluster 1838:
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.

Cluster 1839:
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.

Cluster 1840:
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.

Cluster 1841:
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.

Cluster 1842:
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.

Cluster 1843:
    On File with: Challenges of Inaccessible References.

Cluster 1844:
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.

Cluster 1845:
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.

Cluster 1846:
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.

Cluster 1847:
    The State of Legal Research Education: A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.

Cluster 1848:
    Daniel Dulany II.

Cluster 1849:
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.

Cluster 1850:
    Researching outside the Box.

Cluster 1851:
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.

Cluster 1852:
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.

Cluster 1853:
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.

Cluster 1854:
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.

Cluster 1855:
    2010: The Year of the iPad.

Cluster 1856:
    On Specialized Legal Research.

Cluster 1857:
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.

Cluster 1858:
    Anecdotes from Bander.

Cluster 1859:
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.

Cluster 1860:
    Legal-Economic Policy: A Bibliographical Survey.

Cluster 1861:
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries: A Grey Paper.

Cluster 1862:
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .

Cluster 1863:
    From Rome to the Restatement: S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.

Cluster 1864:
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics: Are Their Annotations Equal?.

Cluster 1865:
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.

Cluster 1866:
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.

Cluster 1867:
    Prosecuting the President: How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.

Cluster 1868:
    Coming into the Country: Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.

Cluster 1869:
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity: Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.

Cluster 1870:
    Service in the Law Library .

Cluster 1871:
    Improving Your Teaching: How Do Students Learn.

Cluster 1872:
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.

Cluster 1873:
    Locked Collections: Copyright and the Future of Research Support.

Cluster 1874:
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.

Cluster 1875:
    In Defense of Wikipedia .

Cluster 1876:
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two: Session Laws.

Cluster 1877:
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.

Cluster 1878:
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.

Cluster 1879:
    Wrestling with an Elephant: A Selected Bibliography and Resource Guide on Global Climate Change.

Cluster 1880:
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.

Cluster 1881:
    Books on My Desk.

Cluster 1882:
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.

Cluster 1883:
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.

Cluster 1884:
    Frederick C. Hicks: Scholar-Librarian.

Cluster 1885:
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.

Cluster 1886:
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.

Cluster 1887:
    Practicing Reference: Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.

Cluster 1888:
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".

Cluster 1889:
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.

Cluster 1890:
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.

Cluster 1891:
    The Color of Creatorship: Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.

Cluster 1892:
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.

Cluster 1893:
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.

Cluster 1894:
    A Survey of Anglo-American Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 1895:
    Adnan's Story: The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.

Cluster 1896:
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.

Cluster 1897:
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.

Cluster 1898:
    Revision of the Copyright Law.

Cluster 1899:
    Growing Pains: The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.

Cluster 1900:
    Future-Proofing the News: Preserving the First Draft of History.

Cluster 1901:
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.

Cluster 1902:
    Critical Legal Research: Who Needs It?.

Cluster 1903:
    Constitutional Orphan: Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.

Cluster 1904:
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.

Cluster 1905:
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.

Cluster 1906:
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.

Cluster 1907:
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience: The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age..

Cluster 1908:
    Sticking to the Union: A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 1909:
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.

Cluster 1910:
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.

Cluster 1911:
    Justice on Trial: The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.

Cluster 1912:
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.

Cluster 1913:
    The NASA Information System: Citations in Seconds.

Cluster 1914:
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.

Cluster 1915:
    Protecting Intellectual Property in China: A Selective Bibliography and Resource for Research.

Cluster 1916:
    Federal Funds: Availability to Law Libraries.

Cluster 1917:
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.

Cluster 1918:
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.

Cluster 1919:
    The First: How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.

Cluster 1920:
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.

Cluster 1921:
    Surprising Differences: An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.

Cluster 1922:
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.

Cluster 1923:
    Most Distinct and Lively Pictures.

Cluster 1924:
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.

Cluster 1925:
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.

Cluster 1926:
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.

Cluster 1927:
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).

Cluster 1928:
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.

Cluster 1929:
    Automating Legal Services: Justice through Technology.

Cluster 1930:
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.

Cluster 1931:
    Movie Therapy for Law Students: Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.

Cluster 1932:
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.

Cluster 1933:
    Certification Revisited.

Cluster 1934:
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.

Cluster 1935:
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.

Cluster 1936:
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.

Cluster 1937:
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.

