Cluster 0:
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.

Cluster 1:
    Practicing Reference: Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
    The Long Tail of Legal Information: Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services: A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
    The Teaching of Legal Bibliography.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
    From Stele to Silicon: Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information: A New Framework.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Law and Reputation: How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
    The Right to Access Legal Information: Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice: How Data and the Law Interact.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Bibliography on Cataloging and Classification of Legal Materials.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    Juris: Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    Subject Access to a Bibliographic Data Base for Law and Related Fields.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice: Is It Possible to Draw the Line.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.
    Innovations in Legal Bibliography Instruction.
    Legal Citation Form: Theory and Practice.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .
    The Curse of Thamus: An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN: A Practicum.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus: Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
    From the Editor: Public Access to the Law.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems: The Curse of Boole.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000: Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
    The Legal Bibliography and User Needs.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian: An Update.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service: Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases: The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases: France and the European Communities.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Legal Information for the Public: A Public Library Perspective.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law: A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
    Bibliographic Access to Legal Research Databases Reconsidered.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace: A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.
    Records Retention in the Private Legal Environment: Annotated Bibliography and Program Implementation Tools.
    Runaway Train: Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
    Legal Reference Services: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law: Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information: Encountering a New Paradigm.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.

Cluster 2:
    Legal Education and Technology II: An Annotated Bibliography .
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore: How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
    Time to Blossom: An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
    Way beyond Legal Research: Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
    The Practitioners' Council: Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
    The Road Not Yet Taken: How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive: Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
    A View from the Flip Side: Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    What about the Majority: Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing: A Case Study.
    Igniting the Conversation: Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    The State of Legal Research Education: A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
    Book Review, Principles of Legal Research, Second Edition.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China: An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
    Legal Education and Technology III: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Legal Research Demystified: A Step-by-Step Approach.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Critical Legal Research: Who Needs It?.
    Key Directions in Legal Education: National and International Perspectives.
    Legal Research and Its Discontents: A Bibliographic Essay on Critical Approaches to Legal Research.
    Impeccable Research: A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation: What Is Not Being Done.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research: The Kent State Case.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School: The University of Richmond Experience.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    The Bar Examination: Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    Bounds and Reality: Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
    From the Editor: Teaching Legal Research.
    From the Editor: Reading Legal Research.
    Deconstructing Legal Research: A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
    Review Essay: Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    Legal Research: Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
    British Legal Education.
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice: A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    Reviving Legal Research: A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.
    Legal Research: A Final Response.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.
    Teaching Legal Research: Past and Present .
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    Putting Legal Research into Context: A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills: Combating the Negative Findings of the Howland and Lewis Survey (abstract).
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research: The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.
    One Step at a Time: The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.
    A New Twist on an Old Plot: Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research: A Viable Program for Law Schools.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age: A Paradigm Shift.
    Legal Education and Technology: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses: A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research: A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.
    Context and Legal Research.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.

Cluster 3:
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet: A Case Study.

Cluster 4:
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice: Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.
    How to Find the Law of the People's Repubic of China: A Research Guide and Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 5:
    From the Editor: A New Century.
    From the Editor: Who We Are and What We Do.
    From the Editor: Big Things.
    From the Editor: Good Writing.

Cluster 6:
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.

Cluster 7:
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials: Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos: Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
    Temptations of the Sirens: Ethical Issues in Libraries.
    Who Owns This Article: Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
    Digital Rights Management: The Librarians's Guide.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright: Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Rebalancing Copyright: Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law: Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
    A Nickel for Your ----: The Copyright Problem.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
    Not by Books Alone: Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108): An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials: A Decision Tree for Librarians.

Cluster 8:
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
    Preserving Our Heritage: Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .
    Choosing the Top Candidate: Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Law Library Journal: The First Fifty Years.
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing: What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital: One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries: A Figuration in Flux.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library: A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development: How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries: A White Paper.
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries: Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
    The End of Scholarly Bibliography: Reconceptualizing Law Librarianship.
    WikiLeaks: A Guide for American Law Librarians.
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
    Degree Pedigree: Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School: Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    A Third Place for the Law Library: Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore: Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
    Coming into the Country: Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries: A White Paper.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship: Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    It's All Enumerative: Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Book Review: The Accidental Law Librarian.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
    Breaking down the Black Box: How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    A Century's Worth of Access: A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
    Vale Bunny Watson: Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories: The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide: The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
    Inclusion and Participation: Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    Getting It from the Source: What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.
    Growing Pains: The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries: A Survey.
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    Here Come Your New Colleagues: Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School: How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community: Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations: A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
    Nation Building and Law Collections: The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    Sticking to the Union: A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession: Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries: Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors: A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
    A Place of One's Own: How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection: A Collection Development Guide.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    About Buying Law Books.
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
    Why a Law Library: City, County or State.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    Use of Law Books.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    How One Law Library Is Administered.
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    The Law Library Catalog: Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Service in the Law Library .
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two: Session Laws.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    Law Books and Literature.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    The Place of the Law Library: Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.
    Tarlton Library: The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries: Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    What Price Law Librarians.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    The Future of the Law Library.
    Indexing Law Books.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.
    The Classification of Law Books.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    Moving Your Law Library.
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    The Law Library: A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Law Library Architecture: The Problem of Functional Design.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
    Cooperative Acquisitions: The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian: Endeavor v. Resignation.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship: A Preliminary Perspective.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
    Whom We Shall Serve: Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Law School Libraries: Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    County Law Libraries.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Librarians: A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries: A Survey .
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
    Federal Funds: Availability to Law Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library: What It Can Mean to You                    .
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.
    English Law Libraries.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.
    Starting a Law School Library.
    Administrative Assistants: Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library: A Survey.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    A New Law Firm Partnership: Administrators and Librarians.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries: The State of the Art, 1978.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries: Results of a Questionaire.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog: The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.
    France: Libraries of Law and Librarians.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries: OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    Rearranging a Law Library: A Case Study.
    1979 County Law Library Survey.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Law Library Book Orders: An Analysis of Current Practice.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process: The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
    Changes and Challenges: Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Tenure for the Law Library Director: Bane or Blessing.
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal: A Comparative Study.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law: A New Approach.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries: Update.
    Law Library Staff Meetings: Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    Paralegal Programs: An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
    Fees for Service: The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library: A History.
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.
    The National Law Library: Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries: A Review.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    Law Library Inventories: An Apologetic .
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
    Silk v. Corduroy: The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries: The State of the Art, 1984.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    Library of Congress Law Classification: The Regional Schedules.
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
    Volume Count: A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
    Burnout: A Reality for Law Librarians.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries: A Legal Analysis.
    Concept through Construction: Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    The Law Library of the Future.
    Expanding Your Base: The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
    Library Budgeting for Law Librarians: A Selected Bibliography, 1965-1986.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries: A Critique and Models for Change.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries: The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship: Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Law Library Management: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom: Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Response to Schanck: On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
    From Ownership to Access: Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.
    Bricks and Books for the Twenty-First Century: A Selected Bibliography for Academic Law Library Planners.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Training New Law Library Personnel: The Neglected, Essential Activity.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library: Planning, Design, and Development.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.
    Business Information in the Law School: A Selective Bibliography of Commercial Sources.
    Business Information in the Law School: A Selective Bibliography of Government Documents.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
    Archives and Manuscripts: New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity: The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials: A Survey of Recent Literature.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools: The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries: Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services: A Survey.
    Cataloging Reform: An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today: Survey of Salary and Position Information.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools: Too Many Unanswered Questions.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia: The State of the Art.
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    Law Library Consortia: The Compleat Experience.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    Lawyering Decisions: New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library: A Modest Proposal.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
    Instruction in Legal Bibliography at Columbia University Law School.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
    The Staff Study: An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries: Where Are We Now.
    Faculty Services: Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions: An Analysis.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services: One Academic Law Library's Experience.
    Perception versus Reality: Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.
    alt.lawlibrarian: New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    Good Reads in the Law Library.
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career: How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
    Reforming the Legal Profession: Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites: Some Practical Considerations.
    Beyond Training: Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
    The Circle of Life: Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries: Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library: A Cautionary Tale.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century: The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
    Working Together: Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians: A Survey.
    Orienting New Employees: Law Libraries 101.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries: Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
    Story Time in the Law Library.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.
    Law Library Design Bookshelf - An Annotated Bibliography.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.
    The Law Library Mission Statement.
    Law Libraries: Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians: A Student's Perspective.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship: Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
    Vision: The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Law Librarians and Library Design, Construction, and Renovation: An Annotated Bibliography and Review of the Literature.
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries: Lessons from the Minor Leagues.
    Online Law Library Maps.
    Rebuilding the Profession: Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology: Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP: The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.

Cluster 9:
    Congressional Investigations: A Bibliography .
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories: Analysis or Psychoanalysis.

Cluster 10:
    Progress Report of the Committee to Compile a Bibliography of Legal Bibliographies.
    A Primer on Bibliographic Organization.
    General Monographic Bibliographies - Part III.
    Legal Monographic Bibliographies - Part IV.
    Report of Committee on Bibliography.
    Online Bibliographic services.

Cluster 11:
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).
    Harry Bitner: A Memorial.

Cluster 12:
    Fandom and the Law: A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
    Art and the Law.
    Law and the Visual Arts: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Legal and Bibliographic Developments in Law and the Visual Arts: One Year Later.
    Art Law Research: An Introduction.

Cluster 13:
    Weeding a Law Collection.
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.

Cluster 14:
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
    A Learning Experience.

Cluster 15:
    Library for International Operations.
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.
    International Business Transactions: A Guide to Research Sources.

Cluster 16:
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later: Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    Fixing Law Schools: From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning: A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    Organized for Service: The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
    Law School Construction Since 1940-An Annotated Bibliography.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law: A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.
    Will Law Schools Go the Distance? An Annotated Bibliography on Distance Education in Law.
    A View from the Inside Looking In: The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.

Cluster 17:
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations: Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
    A Preliminary Legal Bibliography of the Pitcairn Islands, South Pacific Ocean.
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification: The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.

Cluster 18:
    The Future of Library Collections.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection: A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
    Back and Forth: Library Space.
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries: A Step-by-Step Guide.
    Cultivating Civility: Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
    Bold Minds: Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    The Library and the People.
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Women in Libraries.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
    Remodeling and Expanding Space: Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Library Essentials.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar: A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    Library By-Products.
    The Library as Storyteller.
    Learning from Library Science.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
    Build It Right and They Will Come: The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.

Cluster 19:
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    A Bibliography of the Statute Law of Kansas.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    Historical and Bibliographical Notes on the Sheets of New Hampshire Statutes.
    Statutes of the Forty-Eight States, by Subject: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    Current Subject Compilations of State Laws: Research Guide and Annotated Bibliography.
    Subject Compilations of State Laws: Research Guide and Annotated Bibliography Update.
    From the Editor: Books about Statutes.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.
    What's in a Statute Name.

Cluster 20:
    The Nonsense Factory: The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    Legal Futurology: The Field and Its Literature.

Cluster 21:
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.

Cluster 22:
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    Legal-Economic Policy: A Bibliographical Survey.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    Law and Economics: A Bibliographical Survey, 1965-1972.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.

Cluster 23:
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act: How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems: A New Tool for Legal Research.
    Reading between the Lines: Legislative History for Law Students.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories: A Reply.
    The Only Game in Town: Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research: Project CLEAR's Lexpert.
    State Legislative Histories: A Select, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 24:
    Law and the Homeless: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Trafficking in Persons: An Annotated Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 25:
    Indian Treaties: A Bibliography.
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    International Executive Agreements: A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements: Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    Treaty Research Basics.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.

Cluster 26:
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses: A Librarian's Dilemma.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths: Introducing the Executive Librarian.

Cluster 27:
    The Role of Conferences.
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).

Cluster 28:
    Watson, Answer Me This: Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.

Cluster 29:
    A Pattern of Violence: How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.
    Criminal Law and Criminology: A Bibliography of Periodicals.
    Juvenile Justice: A Bibliographic Essay.
    Criminals in Nineteenth and Twentieth Century American Law and Literature: An Essay and Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 30:
    Correcting the Record: Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
    The Misery of Historians: Legal History and the Civil War.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.

Cluster 31:
    NCLC Digital Library.
    Clements Library.
    The National Library of Medicine.

Cluster 32:
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
    Climb High: High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.

Cluster 33:
    A Different Democratic Divide: How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.
    Digital Punishment: Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.

Cluster 34:
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Ohio Case Law.
    Rules of Court.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.

Cluster 35:
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition: Sources and Problems.
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials: The Practical Aspects.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.

Cluster 36:
    Locked Collections: Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
    Preserving Digital Documents: Choices, Approaches, and Standards.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.

Cluster 37:
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
    Book Review: Introduction to Law Firm Practice.
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering: Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
    Law Firm Knowledge Management: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
    Usual Cruelty: The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers: Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    The Solo Practice of Law: From Business Basics to Tomorrow's Technology, An Annotated Bibliogrpahy of Resources, 1992-1997.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    Lawyer's Language: How and Why Legal Language Is Different.

Cluster 38:
    Some Nted Trials in Connecticut-A Bibliography.
    Preface to Pre-Trial Bibliography.
    Trials: Paper Bound Originals.
    Part I - Historic Trials: The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.

Cluster 39:
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    Bibliography of Civil and Commercial Codes.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    Law School Honor Codes.

Cluster 40:
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
    Commercial Cataloging.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.

Cluster 41:
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control: What It Is and How to Get It.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.

Cluster 42:
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.
    The Database and the Fields of Law: Are There New Divisions of Labor.

Cluster 43:
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.

Cluster 44:
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases: An Initial Study.
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
    A Bibliometric Study of Texas Law Reviews.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking: Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.
    Keeping Validity in Cite: Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.

Cluster 45:
    Web Site Accessibility.
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.

Cluster 46:
    From Creativity to Computerese: Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    The Queen of Chula Vista: Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.

Cluster 47:
    William George Eakins.
    William Wyche.

Cluster 48:
    Bibliography of Military and Naval Law, A .
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    Military Law Source Material.
    Outlines for a Bibliography on Uniform Law.
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition: A Review and Some Suggestions.

Cluster 49:
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.

Cluster 50:
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).

Cluster 51:
    Integrating Remote Computer File Databases into the Collection with Bibliographic Description.
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.

Cluster 52:
    In Praise of Morris L. Cohen's Bibliography of Early American Law.
    Booksellers in Court: Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
    Legal History Learned as Legal Bibliography Well Told: The Case for Rare Book Courses in the Law School Curriculum.
    Writing the Legal Record: Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    A Survey of Anglo-American Legal Bibliography.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals: Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals: Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals: Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.
    The Need for a Bibliography of English Legal Manuscripts.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    John G. Marvin and the Founding of American Legal Bibliography.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History: The 19th Century - Part II.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History: The 20th Century - Part III.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
    Law and Literature: A Comment and Bibliography of Secondary Works.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation: Historical Development and Library Implications.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    The Publication of Federal Laws: A Short History.
    A Bibliographic Overview of Early English Legal History.
    British Legal Bibliography.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    A Common Lawyer's Bookshelf Recreated: An Annotated Bibliography of a Collection of Sixteenth-Century English Law Books.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.
    Twentieth-Century Virginia Legal Periodicals: A Bibliography and Commentary.
    Law and Literature Brought to Book: A Provisional Bibliography of Bibliographical Sources.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.
    Bibliography of Legal History Articles Appearing in Law Library Journal, Volumes 1-94 (1908-2002).
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.
    Annals of Legal Bibliography: J. G. Marvin.
    An Annotated Bibliography of Law Review Articles Addressing Feminist Perspectives on Law in Literature.

Cluster 53:
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues: Part I.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues: Part II.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    Diversity: How Is AALL Doing.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity and Professional Activism: Both and, Not Either or.
    Diversity in Conflict.

Cluster 54:
    Microform Brief.
    Microforms: Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.
    Microform Management: A Practical Note.

Cluster 55:
    Morris L. Cohen: A Reminiscence.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
    Birth of a Nutshell: Morris Cohen in the 1960s.

Cluster 56:
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact: Implications for Legal [Re]Search.
    A Human Algorithm: How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.

Cluster 57:
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966: A Legislative History Analysis.
    The Right to Receive Information.

Cluster 58:
    Legal and Ethical Considerations of Mexican Divorces: A Bibliography.
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.

Cluster 59:
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    Islamic Law Bibliography.
    A Bibliographic Essay of Selected Secondary Sources on the Common Law and Customary Law of English-Speaking Sub-Saharan Africa.
    Islamic Law Bibliography: Revised and Updated List of Secondary Sources.

Cluster 60:
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.

Cluster 61:
    Dissents from the Bench: A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
    Access to the Justices' Papers: A Better Balance.
    Justice on Trial: The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
    One Vote Away: How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.
    Judging Inequality: State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    Majority Opinion Assignment on the U.S. Supreme Court: A Bibliographic Overview of the Social Science Studies.
    Rating the Justices.
    Freshmen Justices on the United States Supreme Court: A Bibliographic Overview of the Social Science Studies.
    Fluidity in Voting on the United States Supreme Court: A Bibliographic Overview of the Studies.
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court: An Overview of the Social Science Studies.

Cluster 62:
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.

Cluster 63:
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.

Cluster 64:
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.

Cluster 65:
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 66:
    Shortlisted: Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
    Abetting Batterers: What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
    With Justice for All: Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.

Cluster 67:
    Retrospective: 30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.
    Meet My Mentor: A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.

Cluster 68:
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey: Method and Application.
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.

Cluster 69:
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829: Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.
    New York Statutory Index.

Cluster 70:
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries: Intersections of Identities and Expectations.
    Protection of Libraries.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries: Is There Anything Fair about It.

Cluster 71:
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
    Sources for the Study of the Constitutional Era: A Bibliographical and Historiographical Essay.
    The Case of the Phantom Thirteenth Amendment: A Historical and Bibliographic Nightmare.

Cluster 72:
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses: A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW: An Analysis of Automated Education.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School: University of Oklahoma.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers: Law School Opportunities.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse: Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW: Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.

Cluster 73:
    Go and Tell the World: Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.

Cluster 74:
    Movie Therapy for Law Students: Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.

Cluster 75:
    The Rule of Five: Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
    As the World Burns: The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.
    Rethinking Environmental Law: Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.

Cluster 76:
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo: Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.
    Baseless Hysteria: The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.

Cluster 77:
    Discovering William Cook: Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
    Modern Legal Scholarship: A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
    Judicial Writing: An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
    Bridge of Words: 18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
    Research on Legal Writing: A Bibliography.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing: Challenges for Teaching Research.
    Making Sense of Making Stories: Law, Literature, Life.
    A Working Lawyer's Life: The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.

Cluster 78:
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    The Forms of Law.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.

Cluster 79:
    From the Editor: On Bibliographies.
    From the Editor--The Universal Citation Guide.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.

Cluster 80:
    The Student Assistant.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.

Cluster 81:
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths: The Academy and the Judiciary.
    Taking Back the Constitution: Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges: A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge: Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
    Judicial Activism in Prose: A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.

Cluster 82:
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    The Reference Assistant.
    Reference Records.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.

Cluster 83:
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library: 125 Years.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    The Cincinnati Law Library.
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library: An Account of Its Development and Growth.
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library: A Ten Year Review.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries: A Court Evaluation Project.
    The Albany Law School Journal: The Only Surviving Copy.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.

Cluster 84:
    Book Review: Professional Liability Issues for Librarians and Information Professionals.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability: The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.

Cluster 85:
    Surprising Differences: An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs: A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The Role and the Experiences of Supreme Court Law Clerks: An Annotated Bibliography.
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs: A Comparative Study.
    The Supreme Court Compendium: Data, Decisions, and Developments.

Cluster 86:
    Breaking Down Link Rot: The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web: Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally: Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.

Cluster 87:
    A Bibliography of Legal Treatises of the District of Columbia.
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.

Cluster 88:
    The French Judiciary System.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.

Cluster 89:
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.

Cluster 90:
    Re: Memos.

Cluster 91:
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP: A Decade Later, Is That Still the Question.
    Leaving Paradise: Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.

Cluster 92:
    Japanese Law: A Selective Bibliographical Guide.
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade: Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.

Cluster 93:
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law: A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.

Cluster 94:
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.

Cluster 95:
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    Managing the Boss.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management: Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.

Cluster 96:
    The Bibliography of Canadian Statute Law.
    Bibliography of Quebec or Lower Canada Laws.
    Bibliography of Canadian Statute Law, II.
    Canadian Court Rules.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    The Quebec Legal System: An Overview.

Cluster 97:
    Due Diligence: Company Information for Law Students.
    Products Liability Bibliography - a Comprehensive Subject Categorization of Law Journal Articles from January 1975 through August 1980.

Cluster 98:
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press: The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.

Cluster 99:
    Free Speech in the Balance.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
    Free to Be You and Me: Librarians and Freedom of Expression.

Cluster 100:
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.
    Book Review: Red Flags: A Lawyer's Handbook on Legal Ethics.

Cluster 101:
    Technology for Everyone...: Mind Mapping Complex Information.

Cluster 102:
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.

Cluster 103:
    Cool Web Sites.

Cluster 104:
    Dress Codes: How the Laws of Fashion Made History.
    Student Dress Codes in Public Schools: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 105:
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.

Cluster 106:
    Office E-Mail: Burden or Blessing.
    A World without Email: Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.

Cluster 107:
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
    Managing the Invisible Media.

Cluster 108:
    Legal Bibliography and Legal History of the Netherlands.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
    Hungarian Legal Institutions and Their Publications: A Legal Bibliography with Translations and Annotations.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
    European Law in the Past and the Future: Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.
    European Union Legal Materials: A Guide for Infrequent Users.

Cluster 109:
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA..
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries: A Profile.
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.

Cluster 110:
    American Contagions: Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    COVID-19 in Asia: Law and Policy Contexts.

Cluster 111:
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America: The Case of Louisiana, The .

Cluster 112:
    A Bibliography of the Tentative Drafts of the Restatements.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    A Bibliography of the Tentative Drafts of the Restatements, 1951-1958.
    Draft Law: A Selective Bibliography.

Cluster 113:
    The Voting Rights Act of 1965: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 114:
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.

Cluster 115:
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.

Cluster 116:
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    Bibliographical Notes on United States Patent, Trade-Mark, and Copyright Law.
    How to Perform a Patent Search: A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.

Cluster 117:
    Unifying the Nation: Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    The United States Constitution in Film: Part of Our National Culture.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    To Defend the Constitution: Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.
    The Words We Live By: Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.

Cluster 118:
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    Access to Depository Materials.

Cluster 119:
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.

Cluster 120:
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor: A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
    Constitutional Orphan: Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.

Cluster 121:
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
    The Book that Made the Common Law: The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.
    Sir Anthony Fitzherbert: A Biographical Sketch and Short Bibliography.

Cluster 122:
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool: The Example of Prohibition.
    The Other Amendments: Constitutional Amendments That Failed.

Cluster 123:
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Federal Documents 1980.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.

Cluster 124:
    Prosecuting the President: How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.

Cluster 125:
    The Pajama Way of Research.

Cluster 126:
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue: Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.
    Better Search Engines for Law.

Cluster 127:
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians: An Update.
    Addressing the Emerging Majority: Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
    Diversity Dialogues: Navigating Law Librarianship While Black: A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
    Knowledge Justice: Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination: By a Law School Library Survey.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries: A Report on the 1992-1993 Survey.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.
    The Recruitment of Minority Librarians: A Bibliography of the Literature, 1990-1998.

Cluster 128:
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs: A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.

Cluster 129:
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).
    From the Editor: Working with Facts.

Cluster 130:
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
    Publishing in International Law: History and Contemporary Analysis.
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.

Cluster 131:
    Conventions and Officers: A Chronicle.
    By Command of Her Majesty: An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.

Cluster 132:
    Introducing Students to LEXIS: A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.
    Improving Your Teaching: How Do Students Learn.

Cluster 133:
    The Making of a Justice: Reflections on My First 94 Years.
    Doing Justice.
    Doing Justice: Class Action.
    Dough, Re, Me: The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).

Cluster 134:
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
    Select Annotated Bibliographies on Library Floor Covering and Library Security.
    Confidentiality of Library Records: A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
    A More Cooperative Clerk: The Confidentiality of Library Records.

Cluster 135:
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access: Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited: Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research: What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.

Cluster 136:
    The Price of Justice: Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Punishment without Trial: Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.

Cluster 137:
    Like Mark Twain: The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.

Cluster 138:
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.

Cluster 139:
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging: Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.
    A Blog's Life.

Cluster 140:
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes: Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library: Administrative Issues and Concerns.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.

Cluster 141:
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    What Do Directors Do.

Cluster 142:
    Justice in Plain Sight: How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage: The Paper Clip.

Cluster 143:
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.

Cluster 144:
    An Unexpected Story: The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany: The Max Planck Institutes.
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship: What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.

Cluster 145:
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.

Cluster 146:
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    Anecdotes Revisited.

Cluster 147:
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.

Cluster 148:
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.

Cluster 149:
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.

Cluster 150:
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D..
    Most Congenial Lawyer/Bibliographer.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Frederick C. Hicks: Scholar-Librarian.
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship: The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
    Frederick C. Hicks: The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.

Cluster 151:
    The Technology of Law.
    Algorithms and Law.
    Runaway Technology: Can Law Keep up?.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Law and Computers: Overview Update 1975.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords: How Automation Has Transformed the Law.

Cluster 152:
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    An Early Connecticut Law School: Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut: The Students.
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    The Northampton Law School.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.

Cluster 153:
    Indexing for Publishers.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.

Cluster 154:
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.

Cluster 155:
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey: Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish: An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.

Cluster 156:
    Everyday Research.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.

Cluster 157:
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.

Cluster 158:
    A Legal Bibliographer in the Gold Rush.
    From the Editor: Gold-Collar Librarians.

Cluster 159:
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
    Codes and Statutes of California: A Bibliography.
    California Legal History: A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.
    California Legal History: The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
    California Legal History: The California Constitution of 1849.

Cluster 160:
    Practicing Reference: Lexicographer for a Day.
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
    Practicing Reference: My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
    Practicing Reference: My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
    Practicing Reference: My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Bibliography versus Auto-Bibliography: Tackling the Transformation of Traditions in the Research Process.

Cluster 161:
    Legislative Councils.
    Legislative Councils.

Cluster 162:
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.

Cluster 163:
    The European Human Rights System.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Highest Aspirations or Barbarous Acts--The Explosion in Human Rights Documentation: A Bibliographic Survey.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.

Cluster 164:
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem: Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.

Cluster 165:
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information: The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.

Cluster 166:
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    Legalese Revisited.

Cluster 167:
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer: Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.

Cluster 168:
    Peaceful Partnerships: Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries: Should the Law Library Join the System.

Cluster 169:
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.

Cluster 170:
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains: Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
    Taking Care of Business: Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.

Cluster 171:
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians: Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
    Mentoring across Generations: The Training of a Millennial Librarian.

Cluster 172:
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.
    Videotape in the Law Library.
    Automation in Law Libraries: The State of the Art.
    Microform Update: Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.
    Speak Memory: Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
    Microforms: Still a Future in Law Libraries.
    Annotated Bibliography of Micrographic Sources for the Law Librarian.
    Planning for Automation: Microcomputers in the Law Library.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation: New Directions.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.

Cluster 173:
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century: ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards: What Does It All Mean.
    Back to the Future: ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
    The ALA Accreditation Process: Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian: A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.
    Present in Its Absence: Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.

Cluster 174:
    Space for a Periodical Collection.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.

Cluster 175:
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs: 1953-2002.

Cluster 176:
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.

Cluster 177:
    Res Judicata.

Cluster 178:
    Investigating Workplace Harassment: How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.

Cluster 179:
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust: A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.
    Baseball and the Law: A Selected Annotated Bibliography, 1990-2004.

Cluster 180:
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.

Cluster 181:
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock: Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.

Cluster 182:
    The Last Word (I Hope).

Cluster 183:
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.

Cluster 184:
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    Comparative Law: The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.

Cluster 185:
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.

Cluster 186:
    Editor's Postscript: Staying Power.

Cluster 187:
    Print Citator Instruction: What to Do.

Cluster 188:
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    Learning to Lead: Debunking Leadership Myths.

Cluster 189:
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.

Cluster 190:
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 191:
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
    Striking a Balance: Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.

Cluster 192:
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.

Cluster 193:
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    The Photocopying Machine: How Did It Begin.

Cluster 194:
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    Assisting Prisoners: Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries: A Modest Proposal.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.

Cluster 195:
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection: The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.

Cluster 196:
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.

Cluster 197:
    Finding out What They Want to Know.

Cluster 198:
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
    The Totally On-Line Library: Northwestern's Integrated Library System.

Cluster 199:
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services: Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
    The Faculty Services Department: Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.

Cluster 200:
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts: Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.

Cluster 201:
    Exploring Precedent.
    Precedential Power Policies.

Cluster 202:
    Disabled Libraries: An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act: Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.

Cluster 203:
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.

Cluster 204:
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.

Cluster 205:
    Leather Preservation.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.

Cluster 206:
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.

Cluster 207:
    Compulsive Gambling: A Selected, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 208:
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.

Cluster 209:
    Helen in the Court.
    Helen in Academe.

Cluster 210:
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals: Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Soviet Bibliographic Control over Legal Literature: A Historical Bibliography.

Cluster 211:
    Do We Still Need Books - A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 212:
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.

Cluster 213:
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984: Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.

Cluster 214:
    The Sensory Law Library.

Cluster 215:
    Books on My Desk.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Matching Books with People.
    Housing Books .

Cluster 216:
    Collaboration versus Communication: Selecting the Appropriate Tool.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.

Cluster 217:
    The Economic Value of Information.
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy: What We Had and What We Need.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.

Cluster 218:
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.

Cluster 219:
    Black's Law Dictionary: The Making of an American Standard.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.

Cluster 220:
    Lyrics in the Law: Music's Influence on America's Courts.
    Hamilton and the Law: Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.

Cluster 221:
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century: One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.

Cluster 222:
    Historical Outline and Bibliography of Attorneys General Reports and Opinions-From Their Beginning through 1936.
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.

Cluster 223:
    Next Steps: Moving Forward on a National Plan.

Cluster 224:
    Clouds of Codes: The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct: A Survey.

Cluster 225:
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.

Cluster 226:
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.

Cluster 227:
    The Annual Performance Evaluation: Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.

Cluster 228:
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.

Cluster 229:
    The Joy of Gathering.

Cluster 230:
    Researching outside the Box.

Cluster 231:
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion: The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.

Cluster 232:
    Personnel Evaluation.
    Personnel Management.

Cluster 233:
    A History of the West Nutshells.
    Western Pacific Chapter.

Cluster 234:
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952: An Explanation.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.

Cluster 235:
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.

Cluster 236:
    From Rome to the Restatement: S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.
    Research in Roman Law: A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
    Medieval Roman Law: A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
    Classification of Roman Law: Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
    Canon Law: History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.
    A Seventeenth Century Roman Law Bibliography: Jacques Godefroy and His Bibliotheca Juris Civilis Romani.
    Bibliographical Perspectives on Roman and Civil Law.

Cluster 237:
    Acquisitions: Some Functions and Problems.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Book Selection and Acquisitions: Comments and Annotated Bibliography.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know: Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
    The Winds of Change: Acquisitions for a New Century.

Cluster 238:
    By the Book: Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
    Copyright's Highway: From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.
    Ending Book Hunger: Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.

Cluster 239:
    Bar Relief.

Cluster 240:
    The Hearsay Rule.

Cluster 241:
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.

Cluster 242:
    Managing Conflict.
    The Anatomy of Conflict: Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.

Cluster 243:
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.

Cluster 244:
    Protecting Intellectual Property in China: A Selective Bibliography and Resource for Research.
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.

Cluster 245:
    Pico and Beyond: School Library Censorship Controversies.

Cluster 246:
    Automating with Another Library's Bibliographic Records.

Cluster 247:
    Learning a Little about the World: Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.

Cluster 248:
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey: The D.C. Experience.
    Programming for the New Library: An Overview.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management: A Primer.

Cluster 249:
    Unanswerable Questions.
    Reply to Herskowitz's Unanswered Questions.

Cluster 250:
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    The State Law Index.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.

Cluster 251:
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.

Cluster 252:
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.

Cluster 253:
    Automating Legal Services: Justice through Technology.
    Legal Looseleaf Services: A Computer-Based Approach.

Cluster 254:
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
    From the Editor: On Continuing Education.

Cluster 255:
    The Internet of Things: Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.

Cluster 256:
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.

Cluster 257:
    From the Editor: Endnote.

Cluster 258:
    Merging West and Thomson: Pro- or Anti-Competitive.

Cluster 259:
    Just Looking.

Cluster 260:
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.

Cluster 261:
    A History of the Digests.
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.

Cluster 262:
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be: The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.
    Basic Bibliography for Native American Law.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    American Indians and Law Libraries: Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.

Cluster 263:
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    Research in Securities Regulation: Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.

Cluster 264:
    Kennedy's Avenger: Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.

Cluster 265:
    Editing Justinian's Corpus: A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.

Cluster 266:
    Far Beyond the Law Reports: Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.

Cluster 267:
    Define Leader: The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
    The View from Above: How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.
    Servant Leadership: A New Model for Law Library Leaders.

Cluster 268:
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    Law Books for the Blind.

Cluster 269:
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    African Legal Periodicals: A Bibliography.
    The African Law Reports.

Cluster 270:
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.
    When Goals Collide: Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.

Cluster 271:
    From the Editor: The Last Chapter.
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.

Cluster 272:
    Web Wizards: Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.

Cluster 273:
    Guide to Israel Legal Bibliography: Primary Sources.
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel: A Research Guide.
    The Arab-Israeli Conflict: A Legal Bibliography.

Cluster 274:
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis: The Technical Problems.

Cluster 275:
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Professional Responsibility: A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.

Cluster 276:
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking: Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews: How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.

Cluster 277:
    Gilson G. Glasier.

Cluster 278:
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech: Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.

Cluster 279:
    Journalism under Fire: Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.
    Future-Proofing the News: Preserving the First Draft of History.

Cluster 280:
    Let the People Know the Facts: Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.

Cluster 281:
    From the Editor: Writing about Original Research.
    From the Editor: Supporting Professional Research.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.

Cluster 282:
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.

Cluster 283:
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.

Cluster 284:
    Klassification.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.

Cluster 285:
    Viet Nam: Current Legal Bibliography.
    Vietnamese Law in English: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 286:
    Introductory Statement.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.

Cluster 287:
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Classification-The Choices.

Cluster 288:
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.

Cluster 289:
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
    The Art and Science of Appellate Opinion Drafting: An Annotated Bibliography, 1977-1987.
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg: Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.
    Persuasion in the Court: Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web: Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.

Cluster 290:
    Physician-Assisted Death: A Selected Annotated Bibliography.
    Defining Death and Dying: A Bibliographic Overview.

Cluster 291:
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.

Cluster 292:
    Rights of Students in Higher Education: A Due Process Emphasis.

Cluster 293:
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity: Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action: Planning, Leadership, and Programming.

Cluster 294:
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.

Cluster 295:
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.

Cluster 296:
    NOTIS Users' Survey: An Initial Reaction.

Cluster 297:
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.

Cluster 298:
    Computers: Planning for Disaster.

Cluster 299:
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.

Cluster 300:
    Norway and International Law.

Cluster 301:
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.

Cluster 302:
    Plain Language Statutes: Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.
    Shepardizing English Law.

Cluster 303:
    On Having a Bad Day.

Cluster 304:
    Sources of Washington State Legal History: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Sources of Alaska Legal History: An Annotated Bibliography, Part I.
    Sources of Alaska Legal History: An Annotated Bibliography, Part II.

Cluster 305:
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    MAUL: An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    Planning a Publication Venture: The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Current Legal Periodicals: A Use Study.

Cluster 306:
    The Second Founding: How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.
    Promises to Keep: African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.

Cluster 307:
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.

Cluster 308:
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.

Cluster 309:
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.

Cluster 310:
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.

Cluster 311:
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries: A Grey Paper.
    Bartleby in the Law Library: Passive Aggression at Work.

Cluster 312:
    On Asking for Help.
    On Not Doing Research.

Cluster 313:
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.

Cluster 314:
    The Common Law in the American Legal System: The Challenge of Conceptual Research.
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21: A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.

Cluster 315:
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.

Cluster 316:
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status: A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.

Cluster 317:
    Gender-Based Persecution as a Basis for Asylum: An Annotated Bibliography, 1993-2002.

Cluster 318:
    In Search of the Delicate Balance: Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law: Twenty-Five Selected Readings.

Cluster 319:
    Library Photocopying and Copyright: Recent Developments.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying: An Historical Survey.

Cluster 320:
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.

Cluster 321:
    Data, Data, Data.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.

Cluster 322:
    Constitutional Personae.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 323:
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.

Cluster 324:
    Bollywood Law: Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.

Cluster 325:
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    The Shadow Code: Statutory Notes in the United States Code.

Cluster 326:
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.

Cluster 327:
    Teaching Research to Faculty: Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research: Embracing the Computer Age.

Cluster 328:
    Reznikoff's Testimony.

Cluster 329:
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.

Cluster 330:
    Pro Say Podcast.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.

Cluster 331:
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.

Cluster 332:
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.
    Bibliography of J. Myron Jacobstein, 1952-99.

Cluster 333:
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.

Cluster 334:
    Introduction: Why Networks for Libraries.
    A Selected Bibliography on Library Networks.

Cluster 335:
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk: The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians: A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.

Cluster 336:
    Little Biographies.

Cluster 337:
    Firm Facts.
    Firm Facts.

Cluster 338:
    Class K-Law: Do We Need a Catalog.
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.

Cluster 339:
    Tough Cases: Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.

Cluster 340:
    2018: A Legal Research Odyssey: Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence: The Artificial Judge.

Cluster 341:
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.

Cluster 342:
    The Library: A Fragile History.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials: Cataloging - Part II.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials: Exhibits - Part III.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials: Microforms - Part IV.
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.

Cluster 343:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.

Cluster 344:
    It Started with a Brick.

Cluster 345:
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .

Cluster 346:
    From the Editor: Talking about Shoes 'N' Stuff.

Cluster 347:
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.

Cluster 348:
    Armed Citizens: The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.
    The Second: Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.

Cluster 349:
    Legal Festschriften.

Cluster 350:
    Legal Aspects of Passive Smoking: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 351:
    The Modern Medusa.

Cluster 352:
    Back to the Future: Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.

Cluster 353:
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.

Cluster 354:
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.

Cluster 355:
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.

Cluster 356:
    Database Ownership: Myth or Reality.

Cluster 357:
    Statistics: Management and Political Tool.

Cluster 358:
    What Do You Do All Day.

Cluster 359:
    Work Crunch.

Cluster 360:
    Dealing with Stress.

Cluster 361:
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.

Cluster 362:
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.

Cluster 363:
    Donating and Procuring Organs: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 364:
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.

Cluster 365:
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).

Cluster 366:
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.

Cluster 367:
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.

Cluster 368:
    Diana Mary Priestly: An Appreciation.

Cluster 369:
    State Administrative Decisions: A Very Preliminary Listing.

Cluster 370:
    On Fun.

Cluster 371:
    Let's Talk about Race.

Cluster 372:
    Integrating New Technology: Some Architectural Solutions.

Cluster 373:
    Quo Vadis.

Cluster 374:
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.

Cluster 375:
    Remarks on John William Wallace.

Cluster 376:
    Social Media and Democracy: The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.

Cluster 377:
    Foreign Official Gazettes: Solving a Collection Conundrum.

Cluster 378:
    Finding Common Ground.

Cluster 379:
    Alexander H. R. Fraser: An Appreciation.

Cluster 380:
    Enact Locally.

Cluster 381:
    The Trouble with Utopia.

Cluster 382:
    An Annotated Bibliography of Current New York State Practice Materials.
    Michigan Practice Materials: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.
    An Annotated Bibliography of Texas Practice Materials.
    California Current State Practice Materials: An Annotated Bibliography.
    Pennsylvania Practice Materials: A Select Annotated Bibliography.
    New Jersey Practice Materials: A Select Annotated Bibliography.
    Arizona Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Arkansas Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Alabama Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    New Mexico Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Montana Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Kentucky Practice Materials: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.
    Utah Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Idaho Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Oregon Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Colorado Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Delaware Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Wisconsin Practice Materials: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.
    Connecticut Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.
    Nevada Practice Materials: A Selective Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 383:
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts: Making the Most of What You Have.

Cluster 384:
    From the Reference Desk to River City: A Bibliography of the Writings of Robert C. Berring.

Cluster 385:
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.

Cluster 386:
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries: Laws and Library Services.

Cluster 387:
    Time Management: Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.

Cluster 388:
    Private Bills and Private Laws.

Cluster 389:
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    Negotiating Strengths.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.

Cluster 390:
    Yesterday's Monsters: The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.

Cluster 391:
    Let George Do It.

Cluster 392:
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature: Legislative and Legal.

Cluster 393:
    The Paralegal as Patron.

Cluster 394:
    Letter from the President.

Cluster 395:
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library: Commentary on Fishlyn.

Cluster 396:
    While Justice Sleeps.

Cluster 397:
    For Fear the Gallows.

Cluster 398:
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .

Cluster 399:
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters: Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.

Cluster 400:
    The Rewards of Tedium.

Cluster 401:
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.

Cluster 402:
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.

Cluster 403:
    The Curse of Thamus: A Response.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.

Cluster 404:
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.

Cluster 405:
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990: An Overview via the Documents.

Cluster 406:
    The Victorian-Era Law Office: How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.

Cluster 407:
    Seeking Inspiration.

Cluster 408:
    The Video Collection: Selection and Evaluation.

Cluster 409:
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.

Cluster 410:
    A Phantom Citation.

Cluster 411:
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).

Cluster 412:
    Of Reference and Revelation.

Cluster 413:
    Yellow Flag Fever: Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.

Cluster 414:
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.

Cluster 415:
    Gerrymandering the States: Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.

Cluster 416:
    Remodeling.

Cluster 417:
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design: A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.

Cluster 418:
    Human Subjects Research Review: Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.

Cluster 419:
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.

Cluster 420:
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.

Cluster 421:
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.

Cluster 422:
    Learned Hand Bibliography.

Cluster 423:
    From the Editor: When 89 Equals 90.

Cluster 424:
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.

Cluster 425:
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.

Cluster 426:
    Increasing Article Findability Online: The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.

Cluster 427:
    The Creation of COUNSEL: A Consolidated Union Serials List.

Cluster 428:
    J. G. Marvin: An Appreciation.

Cluster 429:
    We All Do It: Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.

Cluster 430:
    Arba N. Crane.

Cluster 431:
    From the Editor: It's the Network.

Cluster 432:
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    Humor in the Law Library.
    Legal Humor Dissected.

Cluster 433:
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury: Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.

Cluster 434:
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.

Cluster 435:
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.

Cluster 436:
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.

Cluster 437:
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.

Cluster 438:
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.

Cluster 439:
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.

Cluster 440:
    Upgrade Your Teaching: Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.

Cluster 441:
    Success through Speech.

Cluster 442:
    Learning New Applications.

Cluster 443:
    De Minimis Curat Lex: A Compendium of Legal Trivia.

Cluster 444:
    Bibliography of SEC Publications and Sources.

Cluster 445:
    Public Beach Access; An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 446:
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    Researching Oral History Materials: The Case of Earl Warren.

Cluster 447:
    Glass Half Full.

Cluster 448:
    Selective, Annotated Bibliography on the Electoral College: Its Creation, History, and Prospects for Reform.

Cluster 449:
    Getting to Know Fastcase.

Cluster 450:
    Regulating Rehabilitation.

Cluster 451:
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.

Cluster 452:
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.

Cluster 453:
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research: Some Cautionary Notes.

Cluster 454:
    Planning Update--Commentary and Bibliography.

Cluster 455:
    Commentary: Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.

Cluster 456:
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.

Cluster 457:
    Cybersecurity: Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.

Cluster 458:
    A Defense of the Public Domain: A Scholarly Essay.

Cluster 459:
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.

Cluster 460:
    On File with: Challenges of Inaccessible References.

Cluster 461:
    Daniel Dulany II.

Cluster 462:
    Operation Compulex: What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.

Cluster 463:
    2010: The Year of the iPad.

Cluster 464:
    Gerontology and the Law: A Selected Bibliography.

Cluster 465:
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics: Are Their Annotations Equal?.

Cluster 466:
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.

Cluster 467:
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.

Cluster 468:
    In Defense of Wikipedia .

Cluster 469:
    Wrestling with an Elephant: A Selected Bibliography and Resource Guide on Global Climate Change.

Cluster 470:
    The Quality of OCLC Bibliographic Records: The Cornell Law Library Experience.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC: One Cataloger's Experience.
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs: A Descriptive Survey.

Cluster 471:
    Fraud and Deceit.

Cluster 472:
    The Color of Creatorship: Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.

Cluster 473:
    Adnan's Story: The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.

Cluster 474:
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.

Cluster 475:
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims: The Local Librarian's Role.
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers: The Saskatchewan Approach.

Cluster 476:
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience: The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age..

Cluster 477:
    The NASA Information System: Citations in Seconds.

Cluster 478:
    The Bottom Lines: Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.

Cluster 479:
    The First: How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.

Cluster 480:
    Most Distinct and Lively Pictures.

Cluster 481:
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).

Cluster 482:
    Certification Revisited.

Cluster 483:
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .

Cluster 484:
    Netscape, Standards, and You.

Cluster 485:
    Writing Buddies.

Cluster 486:
    Eulogy for My Father.

Cluster 487:
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon: The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.

Cluster 488:
    Bibliography of Julius J. Marke: 1949-2003.

Cluster 489:
    Gaelic Law in Early and Medieval Ireland: A Bibliography.
    Irish Legal History: An Overview and Guide to the Sources.

Cluster 490:
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.

Cluster 491:
    Emotional Intelligence: What Works at Work.

Cluster 492:
    The Bibliography on the Constitutional Aspects of the Recovery Program.

Cluster 493:
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.

Cluster 494:
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism: Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.

Cluster 495:
    To Meet or Not to Meet: That Is the Question.

Cluster 496:
    Chutzpah and the Law.

Cluster 497:
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.

Cluster 498:
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.

Cluster 499:
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items: An Index.
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal: 1993-2005 Supplement.

Cluster 500:
    Total Quality Management: Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.

Cluster 501:
    Separating State from Church: A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.

Cluster 502:
    A Place for Everything: The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.

Cluster 503:
    Contemporary Land Grabbing: Research Sources and Bibliography.

Cluster 504:
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.

Cluster 505:
    Inspiring Innovation: Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.

Cluster 506:
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.

Cluster 507:
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.

Cluster 508:
    Another Degree.

Cluster 509:
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.

Cluster 510:
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital: A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians: The Debate Revisited.
    Keeping Watch on the Waterfront: Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.

Cluster 511:
    Evolution and Opportunity: Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.

Cluster 512:
    Review: D. L. Rhode's Cheating: Ethics in Everyday Life.

Cluster 513:
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.

Cluster 514:
    On Empathy.

Cluster 515:
    Challenging the Status Quo.

Cluster 516:
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation: Property Rights in the World of Ideas.

Cluster 517:
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.

Cluster 518:
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries: A Baseline Study.

Cluster 519:
    Five Words That Changed America: Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.

Cluster 520:
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.

Cluster 521:
    Got Ideas.

Cluster 522:
    Part II - Blacks.

Cluster 523:
    Plays Well with Others.

Cluster 524:
    The Legislation of Vermont.

Cluster 525:
    The Power of RSS Feed.

Cluster 526:
    Research in the Wild: CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.

Cluster 527:
    Fight of the Century: Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.

Cluster 528:
    To Drink from the Well: The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.

Cluster 529:
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era: An Intellectual History.

Cluster 530:
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.

Cluster 531:
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.

Cluster 532:
    Response to Address of Welcome.

Cluster 533:
    Binding in War Time.

Cluster 534:
    Murder in Middletown.

Cluster 535:
    Federal Economic Regulation through Wage and Price Control Programs: 1917-1980 A Selected Bibliography.

Cluster 536:
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.

Cluster 537:
    Lincoln's Last Trial: The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.

Cluster 538:
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States: A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
    Abortion and the Law in America: Roe v. Wade to the Present.

Cluster 539:
    The Police Response to Spouse Abuse: A Selective, Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 540:
    Crisis Lawyering: Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.

Cluster 541:
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression: How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.

Cluster 542:
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.

Cluster 543:
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library: Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.

Cluster 544:
    The Book of Trespass: Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.

Cluster 545:
    I Remember Them Well.

Cluster 546:
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.

Cluster 547:
    Looking for Waldo.

Cluster 548:
    Getting by: Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.

Cluster 549:
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.

Cluster 550:
    The Decline of Natural Law: How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.

Cluster 551:
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.

Cluster 552:
    Looking in Our Backyards.

Cluster 553:
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.

Cluster 554:
    Categorizing the Useful Arts: Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.

Cluster 555:
    Along Came Google: A History of Library Digitization.

Cluster 556:
    Condominium Homeownership in the United States: A Selected Annotated Bibliography of Legal Sources.

Cluster 557:
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.

Cluster 558:
    Forensic Bibliography: Reconstructing the Library of George Wythe.

Cluster 559:
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.

Cluster 560:
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.

Cluster 561:
    Coaching Copyright.

Cluster 562:
    About Microaggressions.

Cluster 563:
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.

Cluster 564:
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .

Cluster 565:
    Bill Drafting.

Cluster 566:
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials: A Burdensome Task.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials: Some Things to Bear in Mind.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.

Cluster 567:
    Ballots at Boalt.

Cluster 568:
    Hate Crimes: A Legal Research Guide.

Cluster 569:
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda: A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses: 1969-1986.

Cluster 570:
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence: An Annotated Digital Catalogue.

Cluster 571:
    Gray's Inn and Its History.

Cluster 572:
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C.: His Life and Writings.

Cluster 573:
    Et Ano..

Cluster 574:
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.

Cluster 575:
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.

Cluster 576:
    Robert's Rules of Order: Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.

Cluster 577:
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge: Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.

Cluster 578:
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.

Cluster 579:
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.

Cluster 580:
    Locked Down: Practical Information Security for Lawyers.

Cluster 581:
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.

Cluster 582:
    Redefining a Profession.

Cluster 583:
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania: Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.

Cluster 584:
    To Cite or Not to Cite: Is That Still a Question?.

Cluster 585:
    Blurred Lines - Intersexuality and the Law: An Annotated Bibliography.

Cluster 586:
    A Bibliography of American Workmen's Compensation Commission Reports and Opinions.

Cluster 587:
    Project Lawsearch.

Cluster 588:
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969: A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.

Cluster 589:
    Privacy: Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.

Cluster 590:
    Francois-Xavier Martin: Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.

Cluster 591:
    First: Sandra Day O'Connor.

Cluster 592:
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.

Cluster 593:
    Remaking Appalachia: Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.

Cluster 594:
    Marginal Workers: How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.

Cluster 595:
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.

Cluster 596:
    The Elephant in the Room: Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.

Cluster 597:
    Elsie Basset: An Appreciation.

Cluster 598:
    Part V - Women.

Cluster 599:
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.

Cluster 600:
    Twitter.

Cluster 601:
    Reflections.

Cluster 602:
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.

Cluster 603:
    Break 'Em Up: Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.

Cluster 604:
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.

Cluster 605:
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.

Cluster 606:
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    Stephen B. Griswold.

Cluster 607:
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.

Cluster 608:
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.

Cluster 609:
    Invisible Women: Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.

Cluster 610:
    USMARC Self-Defense.

Cluster 611:
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.

Cluster 612:
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.

Cluster 613:
    A Different Question of Open Access: Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.

Cluster 614:
    Game Theory and Supreme Court Decision Making: A Bibliographic Overview.

Cluster 615:
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.

Cluster 616:
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.

Cluster 617:
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885: A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 618:
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.

Cluster 619:
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.

Cluster 620:
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.

Cluster 621:
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.

Cluster 622:
    Bilali - His Book.

Cluster 623:
    Internship: A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.

Cluster 624:
    A Bibliography of Arthur Goldberg.

Cluster 625:
    English Conveyancing.

Cluster 626:
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.
    Animal Rights: An Interdisciplinary, Selective Bibliography.

Cluster 627:
    Exposure: Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.

Cluster 628:
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms: A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.

Cluster 629:
    An Architect's Perspective.

Cluster 630:
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).

Cluster 631:
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching: A Performance Study.

Cluster 632:
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes: Text Transcript & Commentary.

Cluster 633:
    Military Justice.

Cluster 634:
    Encounters with Sources.

Cluster 635:
    The Llibre Del Consolat De Mar: A Bibliography.

Cluster 636:
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.

Cluster 637:
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.

Cluster 638:
    Project Management: A Technique for Coping with Change.

Cluster 639:
    Job Descriptions: New Uses for a Familiar Tool.

Cluster 640:
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.

Cluster 641:
    From the Attic to the Courts.

Cluster 642:
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings: Ten Basic Guidelines.

Cluster 643:
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.

Cluster 644:
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.

Cluster 645:
    War and Peace in Outer Space: Law, Policy and Ethics.

Cluster 646:
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness: Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.

Cluster 647:
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.

Cluster 648:
    Dusty Books and Living History: Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.

Cluster 649:
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.

Cluster 650:
    LIS Interrupted: Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.

Cluster 651:
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.

Cluster 652:
    A Staff Exchange Program: Mid-America's Experience.

Cluster 653:
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.

Cluster 654:
    Reviewing the State of the Art Reviews, or, How to Keep Up with Those Who Are Keeping Up.

Cluster 655:
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.

Cluster 656:
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.

Cluster 657:
    Beyond the Annals of Murder: The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.

Cluster 658:
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.

Cluster 659:
    Fitzherbert's Natura Brevium: A Bibliographic Survey.

Cluster 660:
    Small Claims Courts and Conciliation Tribunals: A Bibliography.

Cluster 661:
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.

Cluster 662:
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline: Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.

Cluster 663:
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.

Cluster 664:
    Researching California Ballot Measures.

Cluster 665:
    Mike Jacobstein: Truly a Giant.

Cluster 666:
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough: The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.

Cluster 667:
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders: The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.

Cluster 668:
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.

Cluster 669:
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove: A Play in Six Acts.

Cluster 670:
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex: One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.

Cluster 671:
    User Surveys: Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.

Cluster 672:
    Microphotography for Law Schools.

Cluster 673:
    Sexist Language: An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.

Cluster 674:
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle: Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.

Cluster 675:
    Emperor's New Clothes: Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .

Cluster 676:
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.

Cluster 677:
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.

Cluster 678:
    Legal Banter.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
    Legal Banter.

Cluster 679:
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.

Cluster 680:
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words: Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.

Cluster 681:
    Who Is to Judge?.

Cluster 682:
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory: Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.

Cluster 683:
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).

Cluster 684:
    Famous and Curious Wills.

Cluster 685:
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.

Cluster 686:
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.

Cluster 687:
    Thanking and Being Thanked.

Cluster 688:
    Part I - Records and Briefs.

Cluster 689:
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice: The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.

Cluster 690:
    Fifty More Constitutions.

Cluster 691:
    Musings.

Cluster 692:
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.
    The Rule of Lawyers: How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.

Cluster 693:
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England: Volume II, 871-1216.

Cluster 694:
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.

Cluster 695:
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings: University of Miami.

Cluster 696:
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919: A Proto-Federal Register.

Cluster 697:
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.

Cluster 698:
    Outsourcing: New Name for an Old Practice.

