Cluster 0:
    Define Leader.
    2010.
    Diversity.
    Locked Down.
    2018.
    Juris.
    Professional Responsibility.
    Time Management.
    Servant Leadership.

Cluster 1:
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D.
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough.
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
     How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).
    Plays Well with Others.
    Glass Half Full.
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).
     What Works at Work.
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.
     A White Paper.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
     Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
    The Road Not Yet Taken.
    Writing Buddies.
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.
     How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.
    Dealing with Stress.
    Books on My Desk.
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive.
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.
     How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore.
    Coming into the Country.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.
     A White Paper.
     Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
    It's All Enumerative.
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be.
    Let's Talk about Race.
     What Does It All Mean.
    What about the Majority.
    Getting to Know Fastcase.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
    Like Mark Twain.
    To Meet or Not to Meet.
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide.
    Getting It from the Source.
     What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).
    We All Do It.
     Making the Most of What You Have.
     A Grey Paper.
    On Empathy.
     How Is AALL Doing.
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community.
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP.
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library.
     Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited.
    Looking for Waldo.
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
     A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.
     How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
     How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.
     How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
     How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.
     How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.
    Future-Proofing the News.
     How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.
    To Cite or Not to Cite.
    Who Is to Judge?.
     What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
     How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.
     Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.
     How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
    As the World Burns.
    A Place for Everything.
    Five Words That Changed America.
    Break 'Em Up.
     Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.
     Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.
    A Place of One's Own.
     How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
     Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
     Can Law Keep up?.
     How the Laws of Fashion Made History.
     A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.
    Promises to Keep.
     Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.
    To Drink from the Well.
     Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.
     How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.
    While Justice Sleeps.
     How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.
     How Data and the Law Interact.
    About Buying Law Books.
    Why a Law Library.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    How One Law Library Is Administered.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    For Fear the Gallows.
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.
    It Started with a Brick.
     Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
    What Price Law Librarians.
     Do We Need a Catalog.
    Matching Books with People.
     What Is Not Being Done.
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.
     What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.
     A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
     What It Can Mean to You                    .
     Why Networks for Libraries.
    Not by Books Alone.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.
     How Did It Begin.
    The Bottom Lines.
    Speak Memory.
    I Remember Them Well.
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .
     Should the Law Library Join the System.
     Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.
     Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.
     Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.
    Reading between the Lines.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
     Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.
     Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.
     What It Is and How to Get It.
     Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.
     On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
    The Only Game in Town.
     How Do Students Learn.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know.
     Is There Anything Fair about It.
     Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    Free to Be You and Me.
     What We Had and What We Need.
     Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage.
     The Paper Clip.
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
     Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians.
     A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.
     The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.
     Where Are We Now.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    The Joy of Gathering.
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.
     Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    On Asking for Help.
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.
    Finding out What They Want to Know.
    On Having a Bad Day.
     Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
     How Automation Has Transformed the Law.
    What Do You Do All Day.
    Making Sense of Making Stories.
    Working Together.
     How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.
     How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.
     How and Why Legal Language Is Different.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.
     How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.
    What Do Directors Do.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
    Next Steps.
     How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.
     Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.
     Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.
    What's in a Statute Name.
    On Not Doing Research.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.
    Learning a Little about the World.
     What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
    Let the People Know the Facts.
    Emperor's New Clothes.
    Build It Right and They Will Come.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.
     Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.
    On Fun.
    Just Looking.
     What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.

Cluster 2:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
    Preserving Our Heritage.
     Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
     Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .
     Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Office E-Mail.
     Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
    An Unexpected Story.
     The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
    Law Library Journal.
     The First Fifty Years.
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.
    Web Site Accessibility.
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline.
     Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.
    By the Book.
     Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
    In Defense of Wikipedia .
     The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice.
     The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
    Practicing Reference.
     Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
    Seeking Inspiration.
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore.
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access.
     Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing.
     What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital.
     One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.
    Learning New Applications.
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.
    The Power of RSS Feed.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
    Research in the Wild.
     CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century.
     One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians.
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
    Inspiring Innovation.
     Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries.
     A Figuration in Flux.
    A Defense of the Public Domain.
     A Scholarly Essay.
     The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
     A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    A Learning Experience.
    Dissents from the Bench.
     A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases.
     An Initial Study.
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials.
     Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    The Technology of Law.
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
    Time to Blossom.
     An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms.
     A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    Collaboration versus Communication.
     Selecting the Appropriate Tool.
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development.
     How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
     A Proto-Federal Register.
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    Enact Locally.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
     The Year of the iPad.
    The European Human Rights System.
    Way beyond Legal Research.
     Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
    Breaking Down Link Rot.
     The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
    The Rewards of Tedium.
    The Future of Library Collections.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
     Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging.
     Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.
    Work Crunch.
    Black's Law Dictionary.
     The Making of an American Standard.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Database Ownership.
     Myth or Reality.
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.
    Finding Common Ground.
    The Role of Conferences.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries.
    A Different Question of Open Access.
     Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
    Editing Justinian's Corpus.
     A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.
    Everyday Research.
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection.
     A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
    The Practitioners' Council.
     Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
     How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries.
     A Baseline Study.
    Managing Conflict.
     A Reminiscence.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries.
    Birth of a Nutshell.
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence.
     An Annotated Digital Catalogue.
    Booksellers in Court.
     Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos.
     Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design.
     A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.
     A Guide for American Law Librarians.
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    Fifty More Constitutions.
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
    Addressing the Emerging Majority.
     Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
    The Long Tail of Legal Information.
     Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
    Temptations of the Sirens.
     Ethical Issues in Libraries.
    Degree Pedigree.
     Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.
     Library Space.
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
     Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School.
     Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    Challenging the Status Quo.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
    A Third Place for the Law Library.
     Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.
     Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
     Part I.
     Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.
    Locked Collections.
     Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
     Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries.
     Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust.
     A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation.
     Property Rights in the World of Ideas.
     The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age.
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations.
     Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
     Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
     The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering.
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England.
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States.
     A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship.
     Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
     Part II.
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century.
     ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians.
     Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
     Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
     The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.
    Breaking down the Black Box.
     How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards.
     Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
    A Century's Worth of Access.
     A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
     The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.
    Categorizing the Useful Arts.
     Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.
     Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
    Cybersecurity.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories.
     The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing.
     A Case Study.
     The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
    Inclusion and Participation.
     Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
     Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services.
     A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
    Igniting the Conversation.
     Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
     How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries.
    The Elephant in the Room.
     Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking.
     Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    Unifying the Nation.
    Exploring Precedent.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
     Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
    From Rome to the Restatement.
     S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
     Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.
    Mentoring across Generations.
     The Training of a Millennial Librarian.
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.
    Growing Pains.
     The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims.
     The Local Librarian's Role.
    Evolution and Opportunity.
     Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.
    Data, Data, Data.
    About Microaggressions.
    Bartleby in the Law Library.
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries.
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    The State of Legal Research Education.
     A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
     Company Information for Law Students.
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor.
     A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths.
     The Academy and the Judiciary.
    Constitutional Personae.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
     Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Human Subjects Research Review.
     Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).
     One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School.
     How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Increasing Article Findability Online.
     The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China.
     An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
    Practicing Reference.
     Lexicographer for a Day.
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
     Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations.
     A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.
     Practical Information Security for Lawyers.
     Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact.
     Implications for Legal [Re]Search.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
     The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
    Digital Rights Management.
     The Librarians's Guide.
    Writing the Legal Record.
     Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.
    Negotiating Strengths.
    Nation Building and Law Collections.
     The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
    Surprising Differences.
     An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital.
     A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
     A Legal Research Odyssey.
     Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    The Reference Assistant.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
    Access to the Justices' Papers.
     The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.
    A History of the Digests.
    Practicing Reference.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.
    Practicing Reference.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
    Diversity Dialogues.
     Navigating Law Librarianship While Black.
     A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
     How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.
     Ethics in Everyday Life.
    Practicing Reference.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.
    Sticking to the Union.
     A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
    Retrospective.
    From Stele to Silicon.
     Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information.
     A New Framework.
    Journalism under Fire.
     Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.
    Beyond the Annals of Murder.
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
    Back to the Future.
     ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
     Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    Copyright's Highway.
     From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library.
     125 Years.
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services.
     Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
    Justice on Trial.
     The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
     Part of Our National Culture.
     Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.
     Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.
    The Making of a Justice.
     Reflections on My First 94 Years.
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.
    The Shadow Code.
     Statutory Notes in the United States Code.
    A Different Democratic Divide.
    Justice in Plain Sight.
    Prosecuting the President.
    A Human Algorithm.
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era.
     An Intellectual History.
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.
    The Second Founding.
    The Nonsense Factory.
     The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
     Preserving the First Draft of History.
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries.
     A Step-by-Step Guide.
    Legal Research Demystified.
     A Step-by-Step Approach.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Critical Legal Research.
    Fixing Law Schools.
     From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
    Tough Cases.
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
    Invisible Women.
     Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.
    The Internet of Things.
     Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.
     The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
     Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
    Yesterday's Monsters.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
    Cultivating Civility.
     Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
     Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
    Shortlisted.
     Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
    Abetting Batterers.
    The Rule of Five.
     Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
    Automating Legal Services.
     Justice through Technology.
    Ending Book Hunger.
     Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
    Coaching Copyright.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries.
     Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors.
     A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.
    Algorithms and Law.
    The Price of Justice.
     Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Hate Crimes.
     A Legal Research Guide.
    Key Directions in Legal Education.
     National and International Perspectives.
    Digital Punishment.
    Upgrade Your Teaching.
     Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.
    Constitutional Orphan.
     Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.
    Law and Reputation.
     The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.
     Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.
     Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.
     The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.
    Social Media and Democracy.
     The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.
    Taking Back the Constitution.
     Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
     Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory.
     Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics.
    Modern Legal Scholarship.
     A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries.
     Intersections of Identities and Expectations.
     Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.
    Lyrics in the Law.
     Music's Influence on America's Courts.
    A World without Email.
     Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Hamilton and the Law.
    The Color of Creatorship.
     Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.
    Abortion and the Law in America.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press.
     The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.
    Crisis Lawyering.
     Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.
    Movie Therapy for Law Students.
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity.
     Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.
    Runaway Technology.
    Dress Codes.
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes.
    Knowledge Justice.
     Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    NCLC Digital Library.
    Remaking Appalachia.
     Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.
    Free Speech in the Balance.
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A History of the West Nutshells.
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.
    Fandom and the Law.
    The Book of Trespass.
     Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
     African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.
    COVID-19 in Asia.
     Law and Policy Contexts.
    Armed Citizens.
     The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.
    On File with.
     Challenges of Inaccessible References.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright.
     Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Precedential Power Policies.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
     Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers.
     Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
    Punishment without Trial.
     The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.
    Gerrymandering the States.
     Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.
    Rethinking Environmental Law.
     A History of Library Digitization.
    A Pattern of Violence.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence.
     The Artificial Judge.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning.
     A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
    The Right to Access Legal Information.
     Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection.
     A Collection Development Guide.
     The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
    The Decline of Natural Law.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action.
     Planning, Leadership, and Programming.
    LIS Interrupted.
     Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.
    Judging Inequality.
     State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
    Impeccable Research.
     A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    The Library.
     A Fragile History.
    War and Peace in Outer Space.
     Law, Policy and Ethics.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice.
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
    Rebalancing Copyright.
     Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    Binding in War Time.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.
    The Cincinnati Law Library.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    The Modern Medusa.
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Famous and Curious Wills.
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The French Judiciary System.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    English Conveyancing.
    Use of Law Books.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.
    The Forms of Law.
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    The Library and the People.
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.
    The State Law Index.
    The Legislation of Vermont.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    Leather Preservation.
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    The Student Assistant.
    The Law Library Catalog.
     Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    Service in the Law Library .
    Reflections.
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two.
     Session Laws.
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA.
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.
    Law Books and Literature.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    Canadian Court Rules.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.
    Microphotography for Law Schools.
    An Early Connecticut Law School.
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Legislative Councils.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut.
     The Students.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Ohio Case Law.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs.
     A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    The Northampton Law School.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    Legislative Councils.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
    Klassification.
    Clements Library.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Military Justice.
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    Conventions and Officers.
     A Chronicle.
    Gray's Inn and Its History.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    The Place of the Law Library.
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
     A Biographical Sketch.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.
    Tarlton Library.
     The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.
    Law Books for the Blind.
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    Fraud and Deceit.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.
    Trials.
     Paper Bound Originals.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    Weeding a Law Collection.
    The Future of the Law Library.
     Scholar-Librarian.
    Success through Speech.
    Indexing Law Books.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.
    Introductory Statement.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.
    The Classification of Law Books.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
    Moving Your Law Library.
    The Book that Made the Common Law.
     The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.
     His Life and Writings.
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
    Reference Records.
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Rules of Court.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature.
     Legislative and Legal.
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    From the Attic to the Courts.
    Musings.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Certification Revisited.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law.
     Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    Library Photocopying and Copyright.
     Recent Developments.
    Military Law Source Material.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Firm Facts.
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    Comparative Law.
     The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.
    Firm Facts.
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
    Research in Roman Law.
     A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829.
     Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.
    Judicial Writing.
     An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    Medieval Roman Law.
     A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    Helen in the Court.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library.
     An Account of Its Development and Growth.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Project Lawsearch.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    Space for a Periodical Collection.
    The Law Library.
     A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    The African Law Reports.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Law Library Architecture.
     The Problem of Functional Design.
    Remodeling.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    Class K-Law.
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.
    Classification-The Choices.
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.
    Norway and International Law.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals.
     Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    Library for International Operations.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
     A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
    Acquisitions.
     Some Functions and Problems.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Cooperative Acquisitions.
     The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition.
     Sources and Problems.
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    Commercial Cataloging.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Humor in the Law Library.
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.
    The NASA Information System.
     Citations in Seconds.
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
    Personnel Evaluation.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination.
     By a Law School Library Survey.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship.
     A Preliminary Perspective.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
    Operation Compulex.
     Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.
    Protection of Libraries.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.
    Law School Libraries.
     Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    County Law Libraries.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Librarians.
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
    Internship.
     A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries.
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Microform Brief.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship.
    Federal Funds.
     Availability to Law Libraries.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Videotape in the Law Library.
    Automation in Law Libraries.
     The State of the Art.
    Law and Computers.
     Overview Update 1975.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.
    Personnel Management.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
     Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
     The Copyright Problem.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.
    Women in Libraries.
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
     18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
     The 19th Century - Part II.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
     The 20th Century - Part III.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Cataloging - Part II.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Exhibits - Part III.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
     Microforms - Part IV.
    The Misery of Historians.
     Legal History and the Civil War.
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
    Part I - Records and Briefs.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    Part I - Historic Trials.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.
    Part II - Blacks.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    Part V - Women.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.
    Bill Drafting.
    English Law Libraries.
    Art and the Law.
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
    Introduction.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
     Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    Rights of Students in Higher Education.
     A Due Process Emphasis.
    Starting a Law School Library.
    Administrative Assistants.
     Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel.
     A Research Guide.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
    Publishing in International Law.
     History and Contemporary Analysis.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
    Microform Update.
     Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey.
     Method and Application.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
    A New Law Firm Partnership.
     Administrators and Librarians.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items.
     An Index.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
     The State of the Art, 1978.
    Indexing for Publishers.
    Introducing Students to LEXIS.
     A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW.
     An Analysis of Automated Education.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog.
     The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
    International Executive Agreements.
     A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    Job Descriptions.
     New Uses for a Familiar Tool.
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    The Photocopying Machine.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
    Doing Justice.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
    France.
     Libraries of Law and Librarians.
     Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
    State Administrative Decisions.
     A Very Preliminary Listing.
    Bar Relief.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials.
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.
    Ballots at Boalt.
    Disabled Libraries.
     An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Doing Justice.
     Class Action.
    How to Perform a Patent Search.
     A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries.
     OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    Rearranging a Law Library.
     A Case Study.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries.
    1979 County Law Library Survey.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Law Library Book Orders.
     An Analysis of Current Practice.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    Another Degree.
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process.
     The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers.
     The Saskatchewan Approach.
    Legal Futurology.
     The Field and Its Literature.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.
    Changes and Challenges.
     Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
    Anecdotes Revisited.
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
     Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
    Legal Banter.
     A Legislative History Analysis.
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.
    Federal Documents 1980.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
    Tenure for the Law Library Director.
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal.
     A Comparative Study.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School.
     The University of Richmond Experience.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Regulating Rehabilitation.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law.
     A New Approach.
    Classification of Roman Law.
     Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
    Integrating New Technology.
     Some Architectural Solutions.
    Legal Banter.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation.
     Historical Development and Library Implications.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
    Research in Securities Regulation.
     Access to the Sources of the Law.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    Legal Citation Form.
     Theory and Practice.
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis.
     The Technical Problems.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
    Legal Humor Dissected.
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Clouds of Codes.
     The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct.
    Researching Oral History Materials.
    The Bar Examination.
     Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
    Canon Law.
     History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem.
     Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    Legal Looseleaf Services.
     A Computer-Based Approach.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    Law Library Staff Meetings.
    Assisting Prisoners.
     Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.
    Far Beyond the Law Reports.
     Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism.
     Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems.
     A New Tool for Legal Research.
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition.
    Microforms.
     Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.
    Microforms.
     Still a Future in Law Libraries.
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC.
     One Cataloger's Experience.
    Microform Management.
     A Practical Note.
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.
     An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    A Staff Exchange Program.
     Mid-America's Experience.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements.
     Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.
    International Business Transactions.
     A Guide to Research Sources.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges.
     A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    Law School Honor Codes.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
    Planning for Automation.
     Microcomputers in the Law Library.
    Peaceful Partnerships.
     Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
    The Totally On-Line Library.
     Northwestern's Integrated Library System.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries.
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation.
     New Directions.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.
    Paralegal Programs.
     An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.
    Fees for Service.
     The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.
    Bounds and Reality.
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification.
     The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.
     School Library Censorship Controversies.
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984.
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
    Planning a Publication Venture.
     The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library.
     A History.
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.
    The National Law Library.
     Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries.
    The National Library of Medicine.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.
    The Curse of Thamus.
     An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey.
     The D.C. Experience.
    Current Legal Periodicals.
     A Use Study.
    Managing the Invisible Media.
    Commentary.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    Law Library Inventories.
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians.
     The Debate Revisited.
     The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
     The State of the Art, 1984.
    Plain Language Statutes.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing.
     Challenges for Teaching Research.
    The Anatomy of Conflict.
     Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN.
     A Practicum.
    Library of Congress Law Classification.
     The Regional Schedules.
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials.
     The Practical Aspects.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus.
     Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
     A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems.
     The Curse of Boole.
     Legislative History for Law Students.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Volume Count.
     A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.
    Burnout.
     A Reality for Law Librarians.
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research.
     Some Cautionary Notes.
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries.
     A Legal Analysis.
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability.
     The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion.
     The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.
    The Publication of Federal Laws.
     A Short History.
    Concept through Construction.
     Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.
    Programming for the New Library.
     An Overview.
    An Architect's Perspective.
    Housing Books .
    Remodeling and Expanding Space.
     Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Deconstructing Legal Research.
     A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.
    The Law Library of the Future.
    Library Essentials.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
     Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
    Expanding Your Base.
     The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock.
    Robert's Rules of Order.
     Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.
    Legalese Revisited.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
    Review Essay.
     Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
     Management and Political Tool.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.
    The Creation of COUNSEL.
     A Consolidated Union Serials List.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers.
     Law School Opportunities.
     Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries.
     Laws and Library Services.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs.
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda.
     A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    The Common Law in the American Legal System.
     The Challenge of Conceptual Research.
    Dusty Books and Living History.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries.
     A Critique and Models for Change.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries.
     The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
    Computers.
     Planning for Disaster.
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.
    The Economic Value of Information.
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship.
     Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000.
     Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
    Legal Research.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse.
     Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.
    The ALA Accreditation Process.
     Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.
    British Legal Education.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom.
     Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Confidentiality of Library Records.
     A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.
    A More Cooperative Clerk.
     The Confidentiality of Library Records.
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian.
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge.
     Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service.
     Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
     Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice.
     A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories.
     Analysis or Psychoanalysis.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade.
     Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases.
     The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.
     Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Reviving Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law.
     A Guide for Law Librarians.
     An Initial Reaction.
    Sexist Language.
     An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.
    USMARC Self-Defense.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
    Training New Law Library Personnel.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.
    Improving Your Teaching.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library.
     Planning, Design, and Development.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases.
     France and the European Communities.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.
     A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
    Archives and Manuscripts.
     New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.
     Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law.
     A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar.
     A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108).
     An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity.
     The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials.
     A Survey of Recent Literature.
    The Faculty Services Department.
     Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.
     An Overview via the Documents.
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
     The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Rating the Justices.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America.
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    The Quebec Legal System.
     An Overview.
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
    Teaching Legal Research.
     Past and Present .
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries.
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
     Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes.
     Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool.
     The Example of Prohibition.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Legal Information for the Public.
     A Public Library Perspective.
    The Paralegal as Patron.
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library.
     Administrative Issues and Concerns.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law.
     A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
    Cataloging Reform.
     An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today.
     Survey of Salary and Position Information.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research.
     Project CLEAR's Lexpert.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs.
     A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue.
     Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
    Access to Depository Materials.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW.
     Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    The Video Collection.
     Selection and Evaluation.
     Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
     Librarians and Freedom of Expression.
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching.
     A Performance Study.
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy.
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia.
     The State of the Art.
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.
    Law Library Consortia.
     The Compleat Experience.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Total Quality Management.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
     Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    Judicial Activism in Prose.
     A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.
    Art Law Research.
     An Introduction.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library.
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses.
     A Librarian's Dilemma.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries.
     A Court Evaluation Project.
     Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.
    Putting Legal Research into Context.
     A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
    Lawyering Decisions.
     New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries.
    Chutzpah and the Law.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
     The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).
    California Legal History.
     A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.
     The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
    The Winds of Change.
     Acquisitions for a New Century.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library.
     A Modest Proposal.
    Outsourcing.
     New Name for an Old Practice.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.
    Teaching Research to Faculty.
     Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
    From Creativity to Computerese.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths.
     Introducing the Executive Librarian.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web.
     Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
    California Legal History.
     The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.
    Managing the Boss.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.
     A Compendium of Legal Trivia.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    Treaty Research Basics.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.
    The Albany Law School Journal.
    New York Statutory Index.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.
    Library By-Products.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
    Researching California Ballot Measures.
    The Staff Study.
     An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.
    In Search of the Delicate Balance.
     Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    The Library as Storyteller.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries.
    Shepardizing English Law.
    Redefining a Profession.
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings.
     Ten Basic Guidelines.
    California Legal History.
     The California Constitution of 1849.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity and Professional Activism.
    Diversity in Conflict.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet.
     A Case Study.
     The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.
     A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.
    Faculty Services.
     Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information.
     The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    Western Pacific Chapter.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace.
     A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.
    Project Management.
     A Technique for Coping with Change.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.
     An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Back to the Future.
     Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court.
     An Overview of the Social Science Studies.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions.
     An Analysis.
    Editor's Postscript.
     Staying Power.
     Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
    A New Twist on an Old Plot.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research.
     A Viable Program for Law Schools.
    Leaving Paradise.
     Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .
    Better Search Engines for Law.
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally.
     Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness.
     Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.
    The Trouble with Utopia.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
    Irish Legal History.
     An Overview and Guide to the Sources.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services.
     One Academic Law Library's Experience.
    Perception versus Reality.
     Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age.
     A Paradigm Shift.
    The Other Amendments.
     Constitutional Amendments That Failed.
    Encounters with Sources.
    alt.lawlibrarian.
     New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.
    Good Reads in the Law Library.
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career.
     How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg.
     Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.
    American Indians and Law Libraries.
     Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
     Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
    Reforming the Legal Profession.
     Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law.
     Twenty-Five Selected Readings.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.
     Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.
     A Memorial.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses.
     A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs.
     A Comparative Study.
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.
    Persuasion in the Court.
     Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
     A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites.
     Some Practical Considerations.
    Of Reference and Revelation.
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords.
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.
    Beyond Training.
     Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
    The Circle of Life.
     Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries.
     Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.
    Print Citator Instruction.
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.
    The Right to Receive Information.
    Learning from Library Science.
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library.
     A Cautionary Tale.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century.
     The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
     Law, Literature, Life.
    Researching outside the Box.
    Taking Care of Business.
     Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.
     Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    The Supreme Court Compendium.
     Data, Decisions, and Developments.
    The Hearsay Rule.
    To Defend the Constitution.
     Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.
    With Justice for All.
     Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.
     Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.
    The Rule of Lawyers.
    Investigating Workplace Harassment.
    Lawyer's Language.
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.
    Privacy.
     Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.
    European Law in the Past and the Future.
     Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
     Memos.
    The Database and the Fields of Law.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians.
    The Sensory Law Library.
    Orienting New Employees.
     Law Libraries 101.
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries.
     Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews.
     The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.
    Story Time in the Law Library.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials.
     A Decision Tree for Librarians.
     Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
    Preserving Digital Documents.
     Choices, Approaches, and Standards.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.
     Moving Forward on a National Plan.
    The Victorian-Era Law Office.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.
     The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking.
    European Union Legal Materials.
     A Guide for Infrequent Users.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.
    Foreign Official Gazettes.
     Solving a Collection Conundrum.
    The Law Library Mission Statement.
    Law Libraries.
     Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web.
     Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians.
     A Student's Perspective.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
     Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
     Truly a Giant.
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21.
     A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal.
    Learning to Lead.
     Debunking Leadership Myths.
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.
     Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship.
     Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
    Bollywood Law.
     Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.
     The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.
     Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.
     The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection.
     The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.
     The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.
    Little Biographies.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries.
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish.
     An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
    Present in Its Absence.
     Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.
    A Blog's Life.
    The Annual Performance Evaluation.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.
    Keeping Validity in Cite.
     Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.
    Online Law Library Maps.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.
     Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.
    Private Bills and Private Laws.
    Rebuilding the Profession.
     Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management.
    Technology for Everyone.
     Mind Mapping Complex Information.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law.
     Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts.
     Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.
    Context and Legal Research.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology.
     Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information.
     Encountering a New Paradigm.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.
    A Working Lawyer's Life.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research.
     Embracing the Computer Age.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.
     A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP.
     The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.
     Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.
     Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
     A New Model for Law Library Leaders.
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.
    The Pajama Way of Research.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 3:
     Burden or Blessing.
    Emotional Intelligence.
     Passive Aggression at Work.
    Due Diligence.
     Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.
    Usual Cruelty.
     City, County or State.
     A Burdensome Task.
     The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.
     Bane or Blessing.
     Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
    From Ownership to Access.
     The Neglected, Essential Activity.
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status.
     Are There New Divisions of Labor.
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.
     Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.
     Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.
    Separating State from Church.

Cluster 4:
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).

Cluster 5:
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.
    Here Come Your New Colleagues.
    Letter from the President.
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.
    Whom We Shall Serve.
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.
    Meet My Mentor.
    By Command of Her Majesty.
     Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo.
    Eulogy for My Father.
    The Queen of Chula Vista.

Cluster 6:
     30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle.
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.
     High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.
     Lessons from the Minor Leagues.
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters.

Cluster 7:
    Discovering William Cook.
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).
    Morris L. Cohen.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
     Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
     Morris Cohen in the 1960s.
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania.
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience.
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon.
    Vale Bunny Watson.
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex.
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury.
    Adnan's Story.
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression.
     D. L. Rhode's Cheating.
     The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.
    Lincoln's Last Trial.
     The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words.
     Sandra Day O'Connor.
     Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.
     The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
     Roe v. Wade to the Present.
    Kennedy's Avenger.
     Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.
    Alexander H. R. Fraser.
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    William George Eakins.
    Remarks on John William Wallace.
    J. G. Marvin.
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    Stephen B. Griswold.
    Arba N. Crane.
     Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.
    Elsie Basset.
    Daniel Dulany II.
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.
    Gilson G. Glasier.
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885.
    Bilali - His Book.
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C.
    Legal Festschriften.
    Helen in Academe.
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
     Endeavor v. Resignation.
     The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.
     The Kent State Case.
     The Case of Earl Warren.
    MAUL.
     The Max Planck Institutes.
     Commentary on Fishlyn.
    Silk v. Corduroy.
    Francois-Xavier Martin.
    Response to Schanck.
     A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.
    Reznikoff's Testimony.
     The Case of Louisiana, The .
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.
    Diana Mary Priestly.
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.
    William Wyche.
    Harry Bitner.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.
    Mike Jacobstein.
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
     The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.

Cluster 8:
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919.
     Volume II, 871-1216.
    Fight of the Century.
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.
     Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
     1969-1986.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
     1953-2002.
     1993-2005 Supplement.

Cluster 9:
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice.
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.

Cluster 10:
     Text Transcript & Commentary.
     The Only Surviving Copy.

Cluster 11:
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.
     University of Miami.
     University of Oklahoma.

Cluster 12:
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts.
     Are Their Annotations Equal?.
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.
     Is It Possible to Draw the Line.
     Both and, Not Either or.

Cluster 13:
    Twitter.
    WikiLeaks.
    Pro Say Podcast.
    Along Came Google.
    Web Wizards.
    Netscape, Standards, and You.
    Cool Web Sites.

Cluster 14:
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.

Cluster 15:
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders.

Cluster 16:
    Who Owns This Article.
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.

Cluster 17:
    Back and Forth.
     A Better Balance.
    Correcting the Record.
    When Goals Collide.
    Striking a Balance.
    One Step at a Time.
    Climb High.

Cluster 18:
    Organized for Service.
    A Phantom Citation.

Cluster 19:
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.

Cluster 20:
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
     Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.

Cluster 21:
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990.

Cluster 22:
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.

Cluster 23:
    Marginal Workers.

Cluster 24:
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.
     Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.
     Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.

Cluster 25:
    Merging West and Thomson.

Cluster 26:
     A Play in Six Acts.

Cluster 27:
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge.

Cluster 28:
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.

Cluster 29:
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.

Cluster 30:
    Watson, Answer Me This.
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.

Cluster 31:
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey.

Cluster 32:
     Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    The United States Constitution in Film.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966.

Cluster 33:
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains.

Cluster 34:
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969.

Cluster 35:
    Res Judicata.
    Quo Vadis.
    De Minimis Curat Lex.
    Et Ano.

Cluster 36:
    Yellow Flag Fever.
    American Contagions.
    Murder in Middletown.
    Runaway Train.
    Baseless Hysteria.

Cluster 37:
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech.
     Pro- or Anti-Competitive.

Cluster 38:
    Choosing the Top Candidate.
    One Vote Away.
     Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.

Cluster 39:
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.

