Cluster 0:
    Cybersecurity.
    The Internet of Things.
    Computers.

Cluster 1:
    Introductory Statement.
     Overview Update 1975.
    Part I - Introductory Remarks.
    Introduction.
     Beyond the Basics Introduction to a Symposium.
     An Overview.
     An Overview via the Documents.
     An Overview.
     An Introduction.

Cluster 2:
     An Explanation.
     An Apologetic .
     A Response.
     A Reply.
     A Final Response.

Cluster 3:
     That Is the Question.
     A Decade Later, Is That Still the Question.
     Is That Still a Question?.

Cluster 4:
     A Chronology of His Speeches Made Available through Legal Publications and the Media, with Noteworthy Responses.
    An Index to Special Court Sessions in West's Federal Reporters.

Cluster 5:
     Part I.
     Part II.
    Part V - Women.

Cluster 6:
    Choosing the Top Candidate.
    Shortlisted.

Cluster 7:
    Managing Disruptive Patron Behavior in Law Libraries.
     Mindfulness for Law Librarians.
    Attitudes of Law Librarians to Theft and Mutilation Control Methods.
    Malpractice Liability of a Law Librarian.
    Book Losses and Mutilation in Law School Libraries.
     The Challenge of Nursing Malpractice for the Law Librarian.
    Limiting Secondary Patrons' Use of Academic Law Libraries during Examination Periods.
    Are Public Law Librarians Immune from Suit - Muddying the Already Murky Waters of Law Librarian Liability.

Cluster 8:
    Writing the Legal Record.
    Hunting and Gathering on the Legal Information Savannah.
    A Case Like Mine from Georgia, A Note on Legal Research.
    A Decimal System of Legal Classification.
     Preliminary Report of the National Legal Resources Committee.
     A Compendium of Legal Trivia.

Cluster 9:
     Past and Present as Prologue to the Future.
    Back to the Future.
    From out of the Past and into the Future.
     Past and Present .
    Back to the Future.

Cluster 10:
    Legislative Reference Work and the Law Library.
    Law and Legislative Reference as Parts of a State Library.
     How Legislative Procedure Shapes Legislative History.
    Other Uses of Legislative History.
    The Benefits of a Legislative Reference Bureau to a State Legislature.
    Legislative Councils.
    Legislative Councils.
    Legislative Intent and Extrinsic Aids to Statutory Interpretation in New York.
    A Survey of Computerized Legislative Information Systems.
    Selected Legislative History of the Federal Income, Estate and Gift Tax Laws Since 1913.
     A Legislative History Analysis.
    Automated Legislative Information Systems.
     Sources of Publication and Legislative History Documents.
     Legislative History for Law Students.
    An Essay on the Role of Legislative Histories in Statutory Interpretation.
    Researching Tax Legislative History.
    Congressional Intent and Legislative Histories.
    The Uses and Values of Legislative Histories.
     Contemporary Interpretive Theory, Statutory Construction, and Legislative Histories.
    Of Legislative Histories and Librarians.
    Creating an Expert System for Legislative History Research.

Cluster 11:
    Office E-Mail.
    A World without Email.

Cluster 12:
    Address at a Joint Session with the American Library Association.
    The Place Accorded to the Library in Law School Announcements.
    The Library of the Office of the General Counsel of the United States Treasury.
    Establishing a New GPO Depository Documents Department in an Academic Law Library.

Cluster 13:
    Classification of Law Textbooks.
    Cataloguing Law Books with Special Reference to Cooperative Indexing and Index Cards.
    Some By-Products from Worcester County Law Library.
    The Need for College Instruction in the Use of Law Books.
    County Law Libraries and Their Services to the Community.
     Protecting Law Library Core Missions through Updated Library Quality Assessment Standards.
     Best Practices in Academic Law Library Hiring.
    The Essential Law Library Journal.
    Law Librarian, J.D. or Not J.D..
    Law Library Journal.
    A Law Library Journal Centennial Timeline.
     Thoughts for Librarians and Legal Researchers.
     One Hundred Years of Preservation in Law Library Journal.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
    The Effect of Economics and Electronic Resources on the Traditional Law Library Print Collection.
    Law Libraries in the Cloud.
    A Selective History of Technology in Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian of the Twentieth and Twenty-First Centuries.
     The Definition and Development of Law Librarians as Leaders.
    The Twenty-First Century Law Library.
     A Law Firm's Librarian's Thoughts.
    Cornerstones of Law Libraries for an Era of Digital-Plus.
     How Academic Law Libraries Can Shape Their Collections in Response to the Call for More Practice-Oriented Legal Education.
    The Quality of Academic Law Library Online Catalogs and Its Effect on Information Retrieval.
    The Need for Faculty Status and Uniform Tenure Requirements for Law Librarians.
     Open Access in the Law School Journal Environment.
    Law Library Budgets in Hard Times.
    Tenure Advice for Law Librarians and Their Directors.
    Universal Citation and the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Earl C. Borgeson's Ten Rules for Law Library Management.
    Cornerstones for Enduring Law Libraries.
     A Guide for American Law Librarians.
    How Librarians Can Help Improve Law Journal Publishing.
     Assessing the Effect of Degree-Granting Institutions' Ranks on Prospective Employment at Academic Law Libraries.
    The Public Mission of the Public Law School Library.
    Library Services for the Self-Interested Law School.
    Academic Libraries and the Crisis in Legal Education.
    A Third Place for the Law Library.
     Do Law Librarians Have a Role in Helping Lawyers Adjust to the New Ethics Rules Involving Technology.
     Resolutions of a New Law Library Director.
    Marketing and Outreach in Law Libraries.
    Selwyn, Laurie, and Virginia Eldridge. Public Law Librarianship.
     ABA Standard 606 and the Future of Academic Law Libraries as the Smoke Clears.
    Mentoring, Teaching, and Training the Next Generation of Law Librarians.
     Reconsidering Library of Congress Classification in U.S. Law Libraries.
    The History of the American Bar Association Accreditation Standards for Academic Law Libraries.
    Is This a Profession? Establishing Educational Criteria for Law Librarians.
    The ABA Section on Legal Education Revisions of the Law Library Standards.
     A Historical Overview of Cataloging in Law Library Journal.
    Legal Education in Crisis, and Why Law Libraries Are Doomed.
     Law Librarians, Law Libraries, and Legal Research in the Post-Internet Era.
    Law Libraries and Laboratories.
     The Reality of Being a Law Library Director in Times of Great Opportunity and Significant Challenges.
     Law Librarians at Law Faculty Meetings.
    The Career Path, Education, and Activities of Academic Law Library Directors Revisited Twenty-Five Years Later.
    A Survey of Law Libraries in Rwanda.
     What Librarians Think about Lawyer Search Behavior.
     A Survey of Academic Law Libraries.
    The Effects of Demand-Driven Acquisitions on Law Library Collection Development.
     The History of the UCLA Law Library, 1949-2000.
    Bartleby in the Law Library.
    The Current State of E-Books in U.S. Law Libraries.
     Are They Ready? A Survey of U.S. Library and Information Science Programs' Education of Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Discovering the Knowledge Monopoly of Law Librarianship under the DIKW Pyramid.
    The Law School Library or the Library at the Law School.
     How Lessons from Other Types of Libraries Can Inform the Evolution of the Academic Law Library in the Digital Age.
     Access Policies at Academic Law Libraries and Access to Justice.
    The Academic Law Library in the Age of Affiliations.
     A Case Study of the University of New Hampshire Law Library.
    Leveraging Academic Law Libraries to Expand Access to Justice.
     The Remarkable Development of Comparative Law Libraries in the United States.
     A New Way to Frame the Work of Law Libraries.
    The Strategic Academic Law Library Director in the Twenty-First Century.
    The Valuation of a Law Library.
    The History of the University of New Mexico School of Law Librarians' Fight for Faculty Status and Equal Voting Rights.
    Remaking the Public Law Library into a Twenty-First Century Legal Resource Center.
    A Day in My Law Library Life, Circa 2018.
     A Study on the Unionization of Academic Law Libraries.
    The Case for County Law Library Consortia.
    Case Western Reserve University Law School Library.
    Academic Law Library Director Status since the Great Recession.
    Law Librarianship in the Age of AI.
    Automating Legal Services.
    Tomorrow's Law Libraries.
     Academic Law Librarians Forging the Way to the Future in the New World of Legal Education.
    Female Law Librarians as Pioneer Women Law Professors.
    Law Libraries Are "Knowledge Institutions Supporting Democracy".
    An Ecological and Holistic Analysis of the Epistemic Value of Law Libraries.
     How Law Libraries Support Democracy by Protecting Citizens' Right to Read.
    An Informal Exploration of How Academic Law Libraries Curate Research Guides to Support Democracy, Rule of Law, and the Legal System.
    Introduction to Law Librarianship.
    Overview of Access to Justice via Public Law Libraries in New York State.
     A Comprehensive Guidebook for Law Schools.
    History of the Social Law Library, Boston.
    The County Law Library System in Massachusetts.
    Present Problems of Law-Book Publishers .
    About Buying Law Books.
    Ecclesiastical Law Books in a Law Library.
    United States Public Documents as Law Books.
    Law Libraries in Italy.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Legislator and Lawyer.
    The Law School Library--A Library of Research for Lawyer, Layman, and Legislator.
    The Work of the American Law Institute and What It Means to the Law Librarian.
    Law Libraries in California.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Address of Welcome to the American Association of Law Librarians.
    Law Libraries of the South.
    The Value of the Law Library to Layman, Lawyer, and Legislator.
    Why a Law Library.
    The Widening Scope of Law Librarianship.
    Law Libraries as the Source of the Study of History and Sociology.
    Mutual Co-Operation among Law Librarians in Reference to Current Local Material.
    Use of Law Books.
    Status of the Law Librarian.
    Law-Book Making from a Law Librarian's Standpoint.
    The Harvard Law Library.
    The State of Rhode Island Law Library.
    How One Law Library Is Administered.
    Chancellor Kent's Law Library.
    Fundamental Material for the Law School Library, with Particular Reference to the Library of 7500 to 15000 Volumes.
    A Mnemonic Classification for Law Libraries.
    The Law Library Catalog.
    Educational Requirements for Law Libraries.
    Educational and Cultural Background of a Law Librarian.
    Service in the Law Library .
    The Past, Present and Future of the Law Library.
    The Potentialities of the Law Library.
    Law Books and Law Publishers.
    How to Build a Law Library without an Appropriation.
    Government Documents for the Law Library.
    Classification for Law Libraries of Under Fifty Thousand Volumes-Part Three.
    The Activities and Program of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    The Preparation of the Law Library List.
    Cataloging of Law Libraries of under Fifty Thousand Volumes - Part Two.
    The Numerical Classification Scheme of the Legislation Collection in the Harvard Law School Library.
    The Massachusetts State Library.
    Social Law Library, Boston, Massachusetts.
    Report on Book Selection Made to the Executive Committee of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Management of a Small Law Library.
    The Duty of the Members of the Faculty to the Librarian and the Duty of the Librarian to the Members of the Faculty.
    The Small Law Library and the Librarian.
    The Function of the Law School Librarian.
    The Development of Law School Library Standards as Applied by Accrediting Agencies.
    Law Cataloging as a Specialized Field.
    Proceedings of the Joint Meeting of the American Association of Law Libraries and the Board of Education for Librarianship of the American Association.
    Recommendations for a County Law Library of 30,000 Volumes.
    Development of the American Association of Law Libraries under the Expansion Plan.
    The Relation of the Library to Legal Education.
    The Essentials of an Effective Law School Library Service.
    Some Suggestions for Improving the Law School Library Service.
    Some Problems of a Small Law Library.
    Autonomy in Law Library Administration.
    A Librarian's Approach to Problems in the Smaller Law School Libraries.
    The Visible File in a Small Law Library-Its Installation and Use.
    Selected List of Books for the Small Law School Library.
    Law Books and Literature.
    We Look at the Law Library.
    The Practices of Law Publishers as They Affect Law Libraries.
    The Duke University Law Library - An Account of Its Development.
    Who's Who in Law Libraries.
    Who's Who in the Law Libraries - Edwin Gholson.
    Resources of Law Libraries in New York City.
    Contributions of the Columbia University Law School Library to the Field of Law Cataloging.
    Suggestions to Libraries Participating in the American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Law Library of the United States Department of the Interior.
    General Reference Books for the Law Library.
    American Association of Law Libraries Exchange.
    Revival of the University of Virginia Law Library in Wartime.
    Topical Law Reporters in the Law Library.
    The New Mexico Law Library-A History.
    Insuring Your Law Library.
    Public Law Libraries in New York State.
    Suggestions for Readings for Law Librarians.
    Loaning Books from Law Libraries.
    Aid from the Library Staff Reasonably to be Expected by Users of a Law Library.
    The Duty of the Librarian of a University Law Library towards the Library's Patrons.
    Law and Legislative Library Conditions in Texas.
    Use of the Printed Cards of the Library of Congress by Law Libraries.
    To Law Librarians of the United States and Canada.
    The Educational Background of the University's Law Librarian.
    Formulation of the Interpretations to the Library Requirements of the Association of American Law Schools.
    State Documents Microfilms as Research Resources for Law Libraries.
    Law Libraries in the Survey of the Legal Profession.
    The Harvard Law School Library.
    Law Librarian I Never Met.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law in South American Libraries-A Report.
    The Education of the Law Librarian.
    The Reorganization of the John Marshall Law School Library.
    Southwestern Legal Center and School of Law Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas.
    An Institute on Law Cataloging.
    The Mills Memorial Library of the School of Law of New York University.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1951.
    The New College of Law Library at the University of New Mexico.
    Fundamental Concepts of Law Librarianship.
    Law Library Administration-A Functional Approach.
    The Place of the Law Library.
    The Elbert H. Gary Law Library of Northwestern University.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandments.
    The Law Librarian's Education and the Autonomous Library.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1954.
    New Home of the University of Arkansas Law Library.
     The Law Library of the University of Texas.
    The New Los Angeles County Law Library Building.
    Southern Law School Libraries.
    Microfacsimiles in Law Libraries.
    Compensation of Law Library Personnel in 1955.
    The Law Librarians' Institute.
    Subject Classification in Law Libraries - A Survey-1955.
    The Library of the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies, London.
    The Law Library of Baylor University.
    The New Law Library Building at the University of Illinois.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, The Founders and the Early Years, 1906-1929.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries, the Roalfe Plan and the Middle Years, 1930-1942.
    History of the American Association of Law Libraries Up Until Now, 1943-1955.
    Relations of the American Association of Law Libraries with Other Professional Organizations.
    A History of the Law Library Journal.
    The Law Library Association of Greater New York (LLAGNY) 1938-1956.
    The Law Librarians' Society of Washington, D.C., 1939-1955.
    Law Librarians of New England, 1946-1955.
    The Chicago Association of Law Libraries, 1947-1955.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries, 1952-1955.
    The Minnesota Chapter, American Association of Law Libraries.
    Publications of Members of the American Association of Law Libraries - a Selected List through 1955.
    American Association of Law Libraries.
    Constitution of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    What Price Law Librarians.
    Classification in Law Libraries.
    The Harvard Law Library and Some Account of Its Growth.
    Library School Training for Law Library Employees.
    Centralized University Library Service and the Law School.
    The Future of the Law Library.
    Indexing Law Books.
    Friends of the Library--in the Law Library.
    The Law Library Staff Manual.
    The Law Librarian and Personnel Administration.
    The Selection and Handling of Personnel in the Law Library.
    Book Selection for the Law Library on a Limited Budget; or, Practical Suggestions for Making the Book Budget Stretch in a Law Library.
    The Classification of Law Books.
    The Law Librarian Checklists the Library.
    Moving Your Law Library.
    The Law Library of Howard University, 1867-1956.
    Need for More Information Concerning Law Book Publishing, The                                                                .
    Maintenance of Law Libraries under a Fee System.
    Post-Admission Legal Education and the Law Librarian.
    Non-Legal Reference Books for Law Libraries.
    1960 Survey of Law Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Midwestern Law School Libraries.
    Worldwide Responsibilities of American Law Librarians.
    Background to Law Library Education.
    Education and the Image of the Law Librarian.
    Education and the Recruitment of Law Librarians.
    The Role of the Law Schools in the Education of Law Librarians.
    Law Librarianship Training at the University of Washington.
    Columbia University's Law Library Course.
    A Suggested Master's Program in Law Librarianship for Columbia University.
    A Proposed Program for Law Librarianship.
    The Glorious Uncertainty of Law Librarianship.
    Educational and Experience Backgrounds of College and University Law Librarians.
    The Mission of the Legal Reference Librarian.
    Law Libraries and the Public.
    Law Libraries at the State Level.
    The Law Library.
    The New Scope and Content of Cooperative Cataloging for Law Libraries.
    The Century Gap of Law Library Statistics.
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Law Library Architecture.
    Some Thoughts on Law Libraries.
    The New School Building and the Law Librarian.
    Some Notes on Law Library Buildings.
    Designing Law Libraries for Efficient Use of Materials.
    Law Library Architecture.
    Classification of Law at the Library of Congress, 1949-1968.
    Considerations on the Adoption of the Library of Congress Classification.
    A History of the Development of Classification K (Law) at the Library of Congress.
    California State Law Library Services to California County Law Libraries.
    Development of the County Law Library.
    Duplicate Holding Practices of Approved American Law School Libraries.
    Book Selection in Law Libraries--Who's in Charge Here.
    Law Library Purchasing in an Interdisciplinary Era.
     The Experience of General Libraries and Prospects for Law Libraries.
    Book Buying in the One-Librarian Law Library.
    Acquisition of Microforms in Law Libraries.
    Gifts and Exchanges as a Means of Growth of Law Library Collections.
    Selected Reference Books in Economics and Sociology for a Law Library.
    Program Budgeting and Work Measurement for Law Libraries.
    Degree-Oriented Study among Law Librarians.
    Litigation Concerning County Law Library Fees.
    Professional Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    University Law Libraries of Great Britain.
    Law Libraries in Canada.
    Literature of Economic Theory for Law Libraries.
    Circulation Procedures in Law Libraries.
    The All-Purpose Law Librarian.
    Orientation of New Personnel in the Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Unions.
    Law Librarian Recruiting.
    Law Libraries and the Depository Program.
    Summary of the Survey of Law Libraries Serving a Local Bar.
    Paraprofessionals and Law Librarianship.
    The Case for the Special Status of the University Law Library.
    Classification Policies in Law Libraries Using Subclass KF--the Results of a Questionnaire.
    Hours of Opening and After-Hours Access in University Law Libraries.
     Secondary Patrons of the University Law School Library.
    Law School Libraries.
    In Re Law Library Miscellany.
    Factors to Consider When Cataloging and Classifyng United States Government Documents for Law Libraries.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library.
    A Preliminary Listing of Current Publications of A.B.A.-Approved Law Schools and Their Libraries.
    County Law Libraries.
    Corporate Law Libraries--A Profile.
    Survey of Federal Court Libraries.
    Library of Congress Law Library.
    Law Libraries and Librarians.
     A University of California and Los Angeles County Law Library Joint Venture.
    Private Libraries for the Legal Profession.
    Library of Congress Subject Heading Modification and Development of the Subject Authority File at Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Subject Cataloging Practices in American Law Libraries.
    Library Instruction in American Law Schools.
    Law Books as a Charitable Contribution.
     Availability to Law Libraries.
    Accreditation in Legal Education and in Education for Librarianship, 1878-1961.
    Videotape in the Law Library.
    Automation in Law Libraries.
    Autonomous Law School Library.
    Circulation Policy in Law Libraries.
    Study of the Classification of Legal Materials in the Law Libraries of the Library of Congress, the Los Angeles County Law Library, and the University of Chicago.
    American Law Library Book Catalogs - Part I.
    English Law Libraries.
    Continuing Education for Law Librarianship.
    Prototype for a Regional Law Library Network.
    Law Library Consortium Data Base Components and Standards Study Group Report.
    Starting a Law School Library.
     Key Roles for a Nonlawyer Nonlibrarian in a Law Library.
    New Directions in Education for Law Librarianship.
    The Private Law Librarian--A Complete Library Professional.
    Teaching Practices of Academic Law Librarians.
    Current Problems Facing State Law Libraries.
    In Search of Standards for Public Law Libraries.
     Current Trends for Law Libraries.
    Impact of Lexis on the Law Firm Library.
    Budgeting in Private Law Firm Libraries.
    Marketing the Law School Library.
    The Southern California Association of Law Libraries at Age 25--An Informal Biography.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Selection of Government Documents in Law School Libraries.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
     The Experience of the University of Oregon Law Library.
    A Law Library Consulting Service in the Philadelphia Area.
    Clinical Legal Education and the Law Library--An Update.
     Libraries of Law and Librarians.
    Southern California Association of Law Libraries 1979 Salary Survey .
    Computerized Cataloging in Law Libraries.
    Rearranging a Law Library.
    Automation in the Private Law Library.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1979 Salary Survey.
    Law Library Book Orders.
     The Viability of Staff Participation in Law Library Administration.
    An American in London Law Libraries.
    Law Library Services to Rural Lawyers.
     Law School, the New Legal Education and the Law Library.
    Survey of Technical Services Practices at Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    A Capsule Description of User Services in Fifty Large Law School Libraries.
    Legal Services Law Librarianship--An Investigation of Salary and Benefits in a Pioneer Field .
     Microcomputers in Law Library Automation.
    Word/Data Processing Applications for the Law Library.
    Private Law Libraries Special Interest Section 1980 Salary Survey.
    Survey of Court Law Libraries.
    Tenure for the Law Library Director.
    Library of Congress Classification System for German Law.
    A Short Look at Twenty-Five Years of the Law Library Journal.
    Tradition and Change in Law Library Goals.
    An Examination of the Dynamics of Change in Information Technology as Viewed from Law Libraries and Information Centers.
    An Analysis of Academic Law Library Growth Since 1907.
    The Law Librarian's Obligation to Publish.
    Cataloging and Classification Practices in Law Libraries.
    Law Library Staff Meetings.
    Growth Analysis of the Major Supplemented Law Books in a County Law Library.
     Still a Future in Law Libraries.
    The Civilising (and Civilianizing) Functions of International Law Librarians.
     A Problem for Law Librarianship, Political Science Research, and Democracy.
    1981-1982 and 1982-1983 Summaries of Law School Library Statistics and Observations on Applications of Library Statistics.
     Microcomputers in the Law Library.
     Suggestions for Law School Libraries Sharing Local Computer Systems.
    The Impact of Automation on Small and Medium-Sized Law School Libraries.
    LAMBDA at the University of Virginia Law Library.
     Should the Law Library Join the System.
    Geac at the University of Maryland Law Library.
    Microcomputers and Law Library Automation.
    The Use of Microcomputers at George Mason University Law Library.
    Technical Services Aspects of Data Base Integration into the Law Library .
     An Educational Alternative for Law Librarians.
     The Golden Gate University Law Library Membership Plan.
    Introduction to the National Law Library Symposium.
    The Special Committee on a National Law Library.
    The Role of the Law Library of Congress in the National Law Information System.
    Collection Development Impact of a National Law Library.
    The National Law Library.
    Cooperative Acquisitions among Law Libraries.
    Selection of Treatises in Academic Law Libraries.
    Preservation Book Survey in an Academic Law Library .
    Law Library Inventories.
    Designing Enriched Jobs in Law Libraries.
    The Social Responsibility Movement among Law Librarians.
     The Status of Men and Women in Law Librarianship .
    Superseded Material in the Law Library.
    Proposed Amendments to the ABA Standards for the Approval of Law Schools.
    Autonomy, Librarian Status, and Librarian Tenure in Law School Libraries.
    Academic Law Libraries in Scandinavia.
    Library of Congress Law Classification.
    A Marketing Plan for the Law Library.
    Marketing as an Integral Part of Law Library Management.
     A Survey of Practice and Opinion from Academic Law Libraries.
     A Reality for Law Librarians.
     The Case of the California State Library, Law Library.
     Mastering the Art of Law Library Design--Introduction.
     A Law Librarian's Commentary on Critical Legal Studies.
    Differing Functions and Limitations of Law Libraries.
    The Law Library of the Future.
     The Law Librarian as Records Manager.
    The Career Paths and Education of Current Academic Law Library Directors.
    Funding of State Supported Academic Law Libraries.
    Library Costs as a Percentage of Law School Budgets.
    Making the Card Catalog a More Vital Resource in the Academic Law Library.
     Laws and Library Services.
    Centralization versus Decentralization of Law Libraries and Law Library Services in Nigerian Universities.
    Tradition and Innovation in the Law Library.
    Law Librarians and the New American Legal History.
    Organizational Structure in Law Libraries.
    Organizational Change in Law Libraries.
    The Research Librarian in the Educational Mission of the Law School.
    Managing the Law Library in the 1990s.
    Internal Audits in the Academic Law Library.
    State Funding of Academic Law Libraries.
    Communication as a Tool of Organizational Renewal in Law Libraries.
    Origins of California's County Law Library System.
     Fee-Based Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Qualitative Evaluation of Law School Library Services.
    Best Legal Reference Books.
     Implications for Educational Preparation for Law Librarianship.
    Electronic Technology and the Law Firm Librarian.
    Introduction to the AALL Oxford Institute on the British Legal System and Law Librarianship.
    Law Librarianship in the United Kingdom.
     Preparation, the Profession, and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians.
    Nonlegal Databases for the Law Librarian.
     On the Need for Critical Law Librarianship, Or Are We All Legal Realists Now.
     Informal Instruction in Law Firm Libraries.
    An Academic Microcomputer Center in the Law Library.
    An Introduction to Law and Law Libraries in India.
     Standards of Quality for the Law Library of Tomorrow.
    Relative Use of a Law Collection in a Small Academic Library.
    History of the University of Washington Law Librarianship Program.
    Developing and Implementing a System of Nonlegal Database Services in a Law School Setting.
    Library-Vendor Cooperation in Cataloging Legal Research Databases.
     A Guide for Law Librarians.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1989.
    Electronic Bulletin Boards for Law Libraries.
    Training New Law Library Personnel.
    User Manuals for the Private Law Firm Library.
    The Value of Business-Related Information in the Academic Law Library.
    Law Library of Congress and the Legal Profession, The .
    The Law Library of Congress as a National Law Library.
    Building a National Law Library to Serve the World Legal Community.
    Media Equipment Selection Methods for Law Libraries.
    Managing Student Assistants in the Law Library.
    Working on the Law Reform Database.
    The Future of Law Librarians in Changing Institutions, Or the Hazards and Opportunities of New Information Technology.
     New Collecting Areas for Law Libraries.
    The Smith Nicholas Law Library.
    Survey of State, Court, and County Law Libraries.
    The Law Librarian as Paratrooper.
     The Library Staff as a Meaningful and Integrated Part of the Law School Community.
    Usage of Nonlegal Databases in Law Firm and Academic Law Libraries.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    How to Develop a Marketing Plan for a Law Firm Library.
    Research Needs in Academic Law Libraries.
    Academic Law Library Statistics, 1876-1992.
    The History of the Los Angeles County Law Library.
    Introducing CD-ROMs into a Law Library.
    Access to Academic Law Library Services.
     An Overview for Academic Law Librarians.
    Legal Reference Books Review.
    Academic Law Librarians Today.
    Trends in Compensation of Academic Law Librarians, 1971-91.
    Lawyer-Librarians in Public Law Schools.
    Law School Library Organization in the Age of Computers.
    The Acquisition of Out-of-Print and Antiquarian Law Books.
    Introduction to Law Library Consortia.
    The New England Law Library Consortium Experience.
    The Northwest Consortium of Law Libraries Experience.
    The Mid-America Law School Library Consortium Catalog on CD-ROM.
    Law Library Consortia.
    Library of Congress Classification Schedule of Ancient and Medieval Indian Legal Literature.
    Staffing for Computing Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    Law Libraries and the Americans with Disabilities Act.
     Making Law Libraries Accessible to the Visually Impaired.
    Tip Jars at the Law Library Reference Desk.
    Special Collections in Law School Libraries.
    County Law Library Cataloging by the Minnesota State Law Library.
    The Fielding Lewis Turner Law Library.
     New Materials for Law Libraries to Collect.
    Where are they Now The Founding Members of the State, Court & County Law Libraries Special Interest Section of the American Association of Law Libraries.
    Federal Tax Sources Recommended for Law School Libraries.
    Reconciling Space and Access Needs in a Small Law Firm Library.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1995.
    A Law Librarian's Ten Commandment's.
    Do Librarians Deserve Tenure--Casting an Anthropological Eye upon Role Definition within the Law School.
    Use Study of OCLC Cataloging in an Academic Law Library.
    Best Legal Reference Books of 1996.
    The Albany Law School Journal.
    Conflicts of Interest in Law Libraries.
     An Integrative Management Tool for Law Libraries.
    Librarians Training Lawyers.
    Meaningful Access to the Courts and Law Libraries.
     Librarian-Supervised Students as Research Assistants in the Law Library.
    Evaluating Academic Law Library Directors.
    What Law Librarians Collect.
    Law Libraries in Hyperspace.
    Pursuing Fair Use, Law Libraries, and Electronic Reserves.
    Issues in Law Library Acquisitions.
     Social Responsibility in Legal and Library Professional Organizations.
     Cataloging Internet Resources at the University of Colorado Law Library.
    Atlanta Law Libraries Association.
    Too Many Jobs, Too Few Job Seekers--A Study of Law Librarianship Job Data Samples, 1989-1999.
    A Law Librarian at Cooperstown.
     One Academic Law Library's Experience.
     Electronic Data Interchange in the Law Library Environment.
     New Career Paths for Law Librarians.
    Good Reads in the Law Library.
     How Experienced Law Librarians Make Their Work Rewarding.
    American Indians and Law Libraries.
    A Three-Tiered Approach to Faculty Services Librarianship in the Law School Environment.
     Implications for Law Librarianship.
    Survey of Preservation Efforts in Law Libraries.
    Designing and Maintaining Law Library Web Sites.
    The New Jersey Courts Publishing Project of the Rutgers-Camden Law Library.
     Law Librarianship's Quest for the Pedagogy of Legal Research Education.
     Managing a Law Library Web Site Redesign Project.
    Preservation Concerns for Law Libraries.
    A Historical Sketch of the Montana State Law Library.
    Thomas S. Dabagh and the Institutional Beginnings of the UCLA Law Library.
    Feasibility and Viability of the Digital Library in a Private Law Firm.
    A Survey of Fee-Based Web Subscriptions in Academic Law Libraries.
    Technology and the Law School Librarian of the Twenty-First Century.
     The Vital Role of the Law Librarian.
    A History of the Appellate Division Law Library, Rochester, New York.
     Academic Law Librarians and CALR Vendors.
    The Database and the Fields of Law.
    Status and Tenure for Academic Law Librarians.
     Law Libraries 101.
    Faculty Services in Academic Law Libraries.
    The Zen of Law Librarian Job Interviews.
    Story Time in the Law Library.
    Leaky Boundaries and the Decline of the Autonomous Law School Library.
    What Law Professors Will Want from Law Librarians in the Twenty-first Century.
    Law Libraries and the Scholarly Mission.
    Why Print and Electronic Resources Are Essential to the Academic Law Library.
    The Law Library Mission Statement.
    Law Libraries.
    Educating Aspiring Law Librarians.
    Recollections of a Mid-Twentieth-Century Law Firm Librarian.
     A Test Case in the Use of Law Books.
     Opportunity for Law Librarians       .
     The Essence of Professionalism and Key to the Future of Law Librarianship as a Profession.
    Law Librarians Provide More than Mere Access to Information.
    Jewish Law for the Law Librarian.
    The Search for a Law Library Director.
     The Experience of the National Indian Law Library.
     The Dean of Law Librarians.
    Succession-Planning Strategies for Law Libraries.
    Online Law Library Maps.
     Recommendations for Librarians Interested in Becoming Academic Law Library Directors.
     Prolegomenon to Future Law Librarianship.
     The Role of Academic Law Librarians in Promoting Democracy.
     A New Model for Law Library Leaders.

Cluster 14:
     Judges Tell the Stories of Some of the Hardest Decisions They've Ever Made.
    Who Is to Judge?.
     Activist Judges and the next Age of American Law.
    Judges, Technology and Artificial Intelligence.
     The Artificial Judge.
    When Judges Scold Lawyers.

Cluster 15:
    Federal Initiatives to Promote Access to Electronic Government Information.
    State Government Efforts to Preserve Electronic Legal Information.
     Can Government Information Removed from the Internet Be Reclaimed.

Cluster 16:
     S.P. Scott, Fred Blume, Clyde Pharr, and Roman Law in Early Twentieth-Century America.
     Law Reporters in Nineteenth-Century Kentucky.
    Law for Farmers in Nineteenth-Century America.
    A Look at American Law Reporting in the 19th Century.

Cluster 17:
    The Official Bulletin, 1917-1919.
     Charter Members, Officers and Meeting Places, 1906-1956.
    Annual Meetings of AALL 1906-1996.

Cluster 18:
     Thoughts on the Future of Our Print Collections.
     Access to Print across Barriers of Class and Culture.
    Preparing Your Manuscript for the Printer.
    Practical Solutions--Dealing with Orphan Printouts.

Cluster 19:
    Lincoln's Last Trial.
     The Murder Case That Propelled Him to the Presidency; Theodore Roosevelt for the Defense.
     Assassination, Conspiracy, and the Forgotten Trial of Jack Ruby.

Cluster 20:
     Quality Analysis through a "New" Lens.
    Total Quality Management.

Cluster 21:
    Weeding a Law Collection.
    Handling Water Damage in a Law Library.
    Decapitalization of Discards in a Law Library.

Cluster 22:
     Will You Make Librarians Obsolete or Can I Use Free and Open Source Software and Cloud Computing to Ensure a Bright Future.
    The Sky May Yet Fall on Firm Librarians.

Cluster 23:
    Foreign, Comparative and International Law SIS .
    Nation Building and Law Collections.
    Bolstering the Asian American Law Library Collection.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books.
    Shelf Classification of Foreign Law Books Association of the Bar of the City of New York.
    The Legal Collections of the United Nations Library.
    Guide to a Basic Library on International Law.
    Publishing in International Law.
    Major Publications of the United Nations Office of Legal Affairs.
    AALL Institute on International Law and Business--Foreword.
    Reference Sources in International Law.
    Domestic Sources of International Law.
    Foreign and International Law Research Centers in West Germany.
    International Organizations Documentation and International Law Collections.
    Foreign Law Books-How to Secure Them.
    International Law Book Prices.
    Reply to Kearley's International Law Book Prices.
    A Guide to Resources on Careers in Foreign and International Law.

Cluster 24:
    Indexing and Full-Text Coverage of Law Review Articles in Nonlegal Databases.
    A Survey of Index to Foreign Legal Periodicals Users and Its Implications for Future Developments of the Index.
    Possible Futures for the Legal Treatise in an Environment of Wikis, Blogs, and Myriad Online Primary Law Sources.
    The Effect of the World War on Anglo-American Legal Literature.
    Citations of Current Legal Periodicals and Reports.
    Historical Sketch of American Legal Periodicals.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1933.
    Improving the Index to Legal Periodicals--How Would You Do It.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    Index to Legal Periodicals Contract.
    Anglo American Legal Periodicals.
    Anglo-American Legal Periodicals.
    The History of the Index to Legal Periodicals.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries - A Union List.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries-A New Union List.
    Soviet Russian Legal Periodicals.
    Accessibility of Legal Developments through the Legal Periodical Literature.
    Legal Newspapers in the United States.
    Foreign Legal Periodicals in American Law Libraries 1973 Union List.
    Checklist of Legal Newspapers in the United States.
     An OCLC Union List of Legal Periodicals.
    Current Legal Periodicals.

Cluster 25:
     How User Interface Design Affects Legal Research.
     An Inquiry into Bloom's Taxonomy as a Hierarchy and Means for Teaching Legal Research Skills.
    Medico-Legal Research Using Evidence-Based Medicine.
    Way beyond Legal Research.
     Understanding the Research Habits of Legal Scholars.
    Task Mastery in Legal Research Instruction.
    Should You Use a Textbook to Teach Legal Research.
     Connecting Legal Research Instruction and Current Legal Research Practice.
     Building Analytical Skill into Legal Research Instruction.
    Assessing the Effectiveness of Single-Session Legal Research Skill Instruction through Pre- and Post-Testing.
    Empirical Legal Research Support Services.
     Embracing Legal Literacy as the Heart of the Profession.
    The State of Legal Research Education.
     A Survey of First-Year Legal Research Programs, or Why Johnny and Jane Cannot Research.
    On Specialized Legal Research.
    The Need for Experiential Legal Research Education.
     An Updated View of Current Practices and Comparison with the U.S. Legal Education System.
    Flipped Classrooms for Legal Education.
    Incorporating Race into Your Legal Research Class.
     A Legal Research Odyssey.
    Sustainable and Open Access to Valuable Legal Research Information.
    Reinforcing the Infrastructure of Legal Research through Court-Authored Metadata.
    Legal Research Demystified.
    Affordable Content in Legal Education.
    Critical Legal Research.
     A Legal Research Guide.
    Key Directions in Legal Education.
     A Concise Guide to Mastering Legal Research Skills, Third Edition.
    Technique of Legal Research for the Practicing Lawyer.
    Legal Research without Books.
    Searching Legal Literature-An Appraisal of New Methods.
    The Mead Data Central System of Computerized Legal Research.
    Impact of Computerized Methods on Legal Research Courses.
    Recent Trends in Legal Historiography.
    Legal Research Instruction in Law Schools, The State of the Art or, Why Law School Graduates Do Not Know How to Find the Law.
    Semantic Methods in Legal Research.
    A Note on Sources for Scientific Research for Lawyers.
     A Guide to the Legal Issues and Research Sources.
    A Case Study Approach to Legal Research.
    Computer-Assisted Legal Research Instruction in Texas Law Schools.
    Teaching Legal Reasoning in Law School.
    Accelerated Legal Research at U. S. C. Law Center.
    Research, Writing, and Advocacy in the Law School Curriculum.
     A New Tool for Legal Research.
    Legal Research Instruction after the First Year of Law School.
    A Brief History of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
    Cataloging of Legal Research Data Bases Using RLIN.
     A Legal Analysis.
    Deconstructing Legal Research.
    The Teaching of Legal Research.
     Legal Research Books, Manuals, and Guides--More Than Enough.
    Legal Research.
    British Legal Education.
     Looking at the Judicial Process and Legal Research.
     A Hypertext System for Giving Advice about Legal Research.
    Reviving Legal Research.
    Legal Research.
    Teaching Legal Research.
    A Survey of Legal Research Guides.
    Why Legal Research Skills Declined, or When Two Rights Make a Wrong.
    A Poststructuralist Analysis of the Legal Research Process.
    Teaching Legal Research to a Diverse Student Body.
    Putting Legal Research into Context.
     A Nontraditional Approach to Teaching Legal Research.
    Poststructuralism and the Brave New World of Legal Research.
    Motivating Law Students to Develop Competent Legal Research Skills.
    What's Wrong with Legal Research and Writing--Problems and Solutions.
    An Impossible Task but Everybody Has To Do It--Teaching Legal Research in Law Schools.
     Legal Research is a Strategy, Not a Format.
    Mandatory Advanced Legal Research.
    Legal Research in the Computer Age.
    Reforming the Legal Profession.
    Advanced Legal Research Courses.
    Teaching Legal Research from the inside Out.
    Assessing the Influence of Computer-Assisted Legal Research.
     What Is the Modern Legal Researcher to Do.
    Context and Legal Research.
    Legal Research versus Legal Writing within the Law School Curriculum.

Cluster 26:
    A Place for Everything.
    A Place of One's Own.
     The Place of Persons in the Order of Things.

Cluster 27:
    The United States Code, Prima Facie Evidence, and Positive Law.
    Comparing the United States Code Annotated and the United States Code Service Using Inferential Statistics.

Cluster 28:
    Internship.
    Proposed Model for a Reference Internship in a Law School Library.

Cluster 29:
    Book Burning in the Twenty-First Century.
    As the World Burns.

Cluster 30:
    Shelf Arrangement of State Reports.
    Vertical Files and Shelflists.

Cluster 31:
    The Laws and Ordinances of the Guild-Court (Consulado) in Spain and America.
    Conventions and Officers.

Cluster 32:
     What Police, Prosecutors and Courts Aren't Doing to Protect America's Women.
     Minorities and Women in Criminal Justice.

Cluster 33:
    WikiLeaks.
    National Security, Leaks and Freedom of the Press.

Cluster 34:
    An Overview of the Law of Electronic Surveillance Post September 11, 2001.
     Wiretapping and Electronic Eavesdropping.
     Post-USA Patriot Act Electronic Surveillance at the Library.
     The Controversy between the Department of Justice and the American Library Association over the USA PATRIOT Act.

Cluster 35:
    Wanted - A New Approach to Law Librianship.
    No Cheers for the American Law School--A Legal Historian's Complaint, Plea, and Modest Proposal.
     Access to the Sources of the Law.
    The Law Review Symposium Issue.
     Bringing Order to Law on the Internet.
    Better Search Engines for Law.

Cluster 36:
    HeinOnline and Law Review Citation Patterns.
    Internet Citations in Oklahoma Attorney General Opinions.
     The Failure of Legal Citation Reform in the 1990s.
     Post-Publication Corrections and the Integrity of Legal Scholarship.
    The Role of Official Headnotes in Legal Research.
    Anglo-American Legal Citation.
    Legal Citation Form.
     A Story of Legal Citation Indexes.
     Problems of Permancence, Accessibility, and Stability in the Use of Web Sources in Law Review Citations.
    Paper versus Electronic Sources for Law Review Cite Checking.
     Web Resources Cited in Select Washington Law Reviews, 2001-03.
    Neutral Citation, Court Web Sites, and Access to Authoritative Case Law.

Cluster 37:
     Practical Information Security for Lawyers.
    Strict Liability for the Dissemination of Dangerous Information.

Cluster 38:
     Ten Sources for Reconstructing the Life of a Lawyer.
    A Proposed Definition of the Term Lawyering.
    Law Firm Legal Research Requirements for New Attorneys.
     Thinking About What Lawyers Do.
    The 4-1-1 on Lawyer Directories.
     Considering the Legal Research Practices of Solo and Small Firm Attorneys.
    Crisis Lawyering.
    A Civility-Based Model for New Lawyers.
    A Lawyer's Classification for Law.
    The Opinions of the State Attorneys General.
    A New Law Firm Partnership.
    Lawyering Decisions.
    Cooperation among Lawyers.
    The Rule of Lawyers.
    Lawyer's Language.
    A Working Lawyer's Life.

Cluster 39:
    California's Constitution, Codes and Statutes.
    The History of the Adoption of the Codes of California.
    California Legal History.
    California Legal History.
    Researching California Ballot Measures.
    California Legal History.
     The California Constitution of 1849.

Cluster 40:
    Degree Pedigree.
    Another Degree.
     A Practicum.

Cluster 41:
    The Periodical Section of the Uniform System of Citation, Thirteenth Edition.
    Has the Bluebook Met Its Match--The ALWD Citation Manual.

Cluster 42:
     The Elusive Quest for Poor People's Justice.
    Justice on Trial.
    The Making of a Justice.
    Justice in Plain Sight.
     Justice through Technology.
    The Price of Justice.
    Knowledge Justice.
    Military Justice.
    Doing Justice.
    Doing Justice.
    With Justice for All.

Cluster 43:
    A Catalog of Roman Law and Reclassification in the Columbia Law Library.
    Research in Roman Law.
    Medieval Roman Law.
    Classification of Roman Law.
     A Research Guide to the Law of the Vatican City State.

Cluster 44:
     Planning, Implementing, and Evaluating the Web 2.0 Challenge.
    Toward a Truly Seamless Web.

Cluster 45:
    Access to the Justices' Papers.
    The Library of the Supreme Court of the United States.
    A Few Notes on the Department of Justice Library.
    United States Supreme Court Records and Briefs.
    The Libraries of the Department of Justice.
    Brandeis Briefs as Jurisprudence Source Material.
    The U. S. Supreme Court Library.
    State Law Libraries and Supreme Court Law Libraries.
    Part II - Resources in the Supreme Court Library.
    Supreme Court Memorial Proceedings and Related Items.
     Secondary Source Citations in United States Supreme Court Opinions October Terms 1900, 1940, and 1978.
    A Supreme Court Mediagraphy.
    Working with Supreme Court Docket Books.
    Most-Cited U.S. Courts of Appeals Cases from 1932 until the Late 1980s.
    Citations in Supreme Court Opinions and Briefs.
     Nonlegal Materials in U.S. Supreme Court Opinions.
    The Supreme Court Compendium.
    A Librarians's Guide to Unpublished Judicial Opinions.
    Appellate Court Briefs on the Web.

Cluster 46:
    Here Come Your New Colleagues.
    Orienting New Employees.

Cluster 47:
    The Library of Robert Morris, Antebellum Civil Rights Lawyer and Activist.
    The Libraries of the Inns of Court, London.
    Cromwell Library American Bar Foundation.

Cluster 48:
    Observations on Bar Association Proceedings.
    Bar and Allied Association Publications.
    The Boston Meeting of the American Bar Association.
    Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Second Supplement to a Checklist of the Publications of the Sections of the American Bar Association.
    Effective Book Cost Analysis and Reflections on the American Bar Association Standards.
    The Bar Examination.
     Utilization of Bar Questions and Model Answers in Legal Education.
    Microform Holdings and American Bar Association Accreditation Standards.
    Capturing the Literature of the Bar.
    Should Legal Research Be Included on the Bar Exam - An Exploration of the Question.

Cluster 49:
     Reflections on My First 94 Years.
    Reflections.

Cluster 50:
    Microphobia in the Legal Profession.
    Legal Futurology.

Cluster 51:
    The Technology of Law.
    There Oughta Be a Law - A Model Law.
    Algorithms and Law.
     How Data and the Law Interact.
    The Forms of Law.
    Codification of the Laws.
    Looking Ahead--Law and the New Technology.
    Systems Analysis and the Law.
    Law and Computers.
    Mastering the Lawless Science of Our Law.
     Other Computer Applications in the Practice of Law.
    Law and Heidegger's Question concerning Technology.

Cluster 52:
    The Rastells and the Printed English Law Book of the Renaissance.
    The First Law Journals in Virginia.
    Virginia Manuscript Law Reports.
    Justices, Books, Laws, and Courts in Seventeenth-Century Virginia.
    Seventeenth-Century Virginia Law and its Historians, with an Accompanying Guide to Sources.
    List of Books on Shakespeare and the Law.

Cluster 53:
    A Survey of Electronic Research Alternatives to LexisNexis and Westlaw in Law Firms.
    Does WestlawNext Really Change Everything - The Implications of WestlawNext on Legal Research.
    WestlawNext and Lexis Advance.
     A Survey of LEXIS Experience and Some Probable Effects of WESTLAW, The                 .
    LEXIS vs. WESTLAW.
    Developing and Implementing a Law School Westlaw Orientation Program.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Instruction in the Law School.
    LEXIS and WESTLAW Training Centers.
    WESTLAW's DIScourse.
     The Minnesota/WESTLAW Experience.
    Look Beyond LEXIS and WESTLAW.

Cluster 54:
    Tate Hall, the Law Building of the University of Missouri.
    An Early Connecticut Law School.
    The Northampton Law School.
    The New Boston College Law Building.
    A Law Building for Indiana University.
    The Identification of Harvard Law School Ms 189.

Cluster 55:
    What Is All the Fuss about Library 2.0.
     A Necessary Evolution in Libraries.
     Library Space.
    Approaches to Library Automation.
    Computer Applications for Small Libraries.
     Why Networks for Libraries.
    The Totally On-Line Library.
    Programming for the New Library.
     The Impact of Automation on Traditional Library Structure.
    Microcomputer Software for Library Management.
    Library By-Products.

Cluster 56:
    Marginal Workers.
     Are There New Divisions of Labor.

Cluster 57:
    William George Eakins.
    William Wyche.

Cluster 58:
     Passive Aggression at Work.
    Investigating Workplace Harassment.

Cluster 59:
     Intersections of Mental Illness and Library Work.
     An Examination of Physical and Attitudinal Barriers to Handicapped Library Users.
    The Interaction of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave Act, and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and Their Impact on Libraries.

Cluster 60:
    Technology for Everyone....
    Technology for Everyone... Making Presentations Visual.
    Technology for Everyone... Tools for Creating Video Tutorials.

Cluster 61:
     Understanding by Design Meets Neuroscience.
    Acquiring Minds Want to Know.
     Mind Mapping Complex Information.

Cluster 62:
    Acquisitions.
    Tools of Ordering and Acquisitions.
    Cooperative Acquisitions.
    Foreign Law Selection and Acquisition.
    Acquisitions - Part I.
    Problems in Foreign Legal Acquisitions.
     Integrating Automated Acquisitions with Other Library Functions.
     Acquisitions for a New Century.

Cluster 63:
    The Creation and Transmission of Justinian's Novels.
    Editing Justinian's Corpus.
    Justice Fred Blume and the Translation of Justinian's Code.

Cluster 64:
    Education--A Lifelong Process.
    Improving Education-Delivery in the Twenty-First Century.

Cluster 65:
    Books on My Desk.
    A Library Design Bookshelf.
    How We Obtain Our Books.
    Planning and Building a Basic Book Collection.
    Matching Books with People.
    Housing Books .

Cluster 66:
     A Reminiscence.
    Retrospective.
     A Collection of Personal Reminiscences.

Cluster 67:
    Restoring the Public Library Ethos.
    Disabled Libraries.

Cluster 68:
    Strategic Planning for Academic Libraries.
    The Library as a Business Enterprise.
    Library Planning in Philadelphia.
    Spatial Requirements and Estimated Project Cost for a New Library Building.
    Building Planning for a New Law School Library.
    Planning Process for Physical Facilities for Law Libraries.
    Library Planning for the University of Houston's Satellite Law School Complex.
    Planning a Center for Information Services for the University Library.
    Planning and Constructing Law School Buildings.

Cluster 69:
    Addressing the Emerging Majority.
    What about the Majority.

Cluster 70:
    Locked Collections.
    Locked Down.

Cluster 71:
    Canadian Court Rules.
    Canada's War and Emergency Legislation.
    Noting Up British Statutes and Cases.
    The Legal Systems of Canada.
    The Noting Up of Canadian Cases and Statutes.
    The Quebec Legal System.
    An Introduction to Canadian Legal Research.
    Indexing Canadian Legal Literature.
    The Civil Law in Canada.
    The Civil Law Heritage in the Transformation of Quebec Private International Law.
    The Quebec Legal System.

Cluster 72:
    How Federal Statutes Are Named.
     A Compilation of Federal and State Laws.
     Publication of Statutes, Public Access to the Law, and the Uniform Electronic Legal Material Act.
     Statutory Notes in the United States Code.
    Methods of Citing Statute Law.
    Statute Law Checklists.
    State Statutes, Revisions, Compilations, and Codes.
    The Code of Federal Regulations and the United States Statutes at Large.
    Statute Law in the Field of Legal Research.
    The United States Statutes at Large.
    Code Revision in the Legal Process.
    Some Auxiliaries of Statute Revision.
    The Publication of Federal Laws.
    Speed of Publication of Statutes and Regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States.
    What's in a Statute Name.

Cluster 73:
    First Amendment Limits on Library Collection Management.
    The Future of Library Collections.
     The Librarians's Guide.
     Practical Ways to Improve a Dysfunctional Library.
     A History of Library Digitization.
    The Library.
     Considering Technology's Impact on Libraries and the Public Interest.
    The Library and the People.
    Introduction to Library Science with Practical Problems.
     Problems of Interest to Libraries.
    Guidelines for Furnishing the Library.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Library Administration of Historical Materials.
    Management Techniques Using Traditional Library Records.
    An Update on Faculty Libraries.
     Historical Development and Library Implications.
    Administering the Library Conservation Program.
    A Comprehensive Library Survey.
     Library Services during the Construction Period.
    Library Essentials.
    Managing Information and Libraries in the Electronic Era.
     An Overview for Teachers and Librarians.
    Barcoding a Library Collection.
     A Proposal for Library Package Plans.
    The Public Performance Right in Libraries.
     A Public Library Perspective.
    Learning from Library Science.
    Reflections on Ranganathan's Five Laws of Library Science.
    What Can the Faculty Expect from the Library of the Twenty-first Century.
     Libraries Ask, Hey, How Am I Doing.

Cluster 74:
    Web Site Accessibility.
    From Disability to Usability in Online Instruction.

Cluster 75:
     Can Law Keep up?.
    What Does and Does Not Happen in Law School to Prepare Students to Practice Law.

Cluster 76:
     A White Paper.
     A White Paper.
     A Grey Paper.
     Paper Bound Originals.
     The Paper Clip.

Cluster 77:
    Analytical Research Guide to Federal Indian Tax Law.
    Recent Developments in Federal Taxation.
    The Tax Court of the United States.
    Research in Federal Tax Law.
    Recent Developments in Federal Documents.

Cluster 78:
     The Making and Breaking of the American Legal System.
     Money, Morals, and Ethical Reform in the Law.
    Survival of Civil Law in North America.
     How the New Litigation Elite Threatens America's Rule of Law.

Cluster 79:
    Runaway Technology.
     The Technical Problems.

Cluster 80:
     Planning, Leadership, and Programming.
     Management and Political Tool.
     Planning, Design, and Development.
    Project Management.

Cluster 81:
    Unifying the Nation.
     Moving Forward on a National Plan.

Cluster 82:
    Enact Locally.
    Linking Globally, Coping Locally.

Cluster 83:
    Dividing and Conquering the Card Catalog at Oklahoma.
    COM Catalog vs. Card Catalog.

Cluster 84:
     By a Law School Library Survey.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1977 Survey.
    1979 County Law Library Survey.
    Greater Philadelphia Law Library Association 1979 Survey.
     Reference Guidelines at Kratter Law Library, University of San Diego.
    Private Law Library Survey 1988.
     Results from the Condition Survey of the University of Kansas Law Library.

Cluster 85:
    The Cincinnati Law Library.
    Milwaukee County Law Library Defense Room.
    Survey of Single-Judge Municipal Court Libraries in Ohio.
    Wisconsin County Law Libraries.

Cluster 86:
    Law and Reputation.
     Law and Policy Contexts.
     Law, Policy and Ethics.
     Legislative and Legal.
    Legalese Revisited.

Cluster 87:
    Evolution and Opportunity.
    Opening a Window of Opportunity.

Cluster 88:
    Two Decades of Comparative Legislation.
    The Second International Congress of Comparative Law.
    Comparative Law.

Cluster 89:
     An Observation by a Teacher of Writing.
     A Speech Writer's Gold Mine.

Cluster 90:
     What Law Librarians Need to Know about open, Single-Blind, and Double-Blind Reviewing.
    The Technique of Reading as Applied to Law.
    Law Books for the Blind.

Cluster 91:
     Toward a Definition of Grey Legal Literature.
    Computer Application to Legal Documentation.
    Literature on Computer Software and Legal Decision Making.

Cluster 92:
     Current or Presumed to be Current Holdings of Selected American Libraries.
    Annual Report of Libraries Serving Their State's Highest Court.
    Is an Annual Report in Your Library's Future.

Cluster 93:
     A Compilation of Oral Dissents by U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
    Inconsistency and Indecision in the United States Supreme Court.
     Women in the Shadows of the Supreme Court.
     State Supreme Courts and the Inequality Crisis.
    Opinions of Justices Sitting in Chambers.
    Anecodotes about the Supreme Court.
    Rating the Justices.
    Measuring the Importance of Supreme Court Decisions.
     A Study of California Supreme Court Opinions.

Cluster 94:
    The Role of Conferences.
    On Embracing the Research Conference (2019-2).

Cluster 95:
    Training in FCIL Librarianship for Tomorrow's World.
    Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Law Librarianship.
     The Training of a Millennial Librarian.
     The Local Librarian's Role.
     Library Leadership in a Time of Disruption.
     Scholar-Librarian.
    A Job-Task Index for Evaluating Professional Utilization in Libraries.
    Medicine, Law, Librarianship.
    The Reference Librarian and the Pro Se Patron.
    Motivation, Performance and Job Satisfaction of Librarians.
     Administrators and Librarians.
    Why Let Them Go--Retaining Experienced Librarians by Creating Challenging Internal Career Paths.
     Introducing the Executive Librarian.
     Engineers, Artists, and Librarians.
     A Decision Tree for Librarians.
    Evidence-Based Librarianship.
     The Librarian's Role in Library Construction.

Cluster 96:
     Slavery, the Supreme Court, and the Ambivalent Constitution.
    Taking Back the Constitution.
    Our Attitude to the Constitution.
    To Defend the Constitution.
     Religion, Conscientious Objection, Naturalization, and the Supreme Court.

Cluster 97:
    Copyright Considerations for Telefacsimile Transmission of Documents in Interlibrary Loan Transactions.
    Copyright and the Use of Telefacsimile among Branch Library Facilities.
    The Impact of Recent Litigation on Interlibrary Loan and Document Delivery.

Cluster 98:
    Advancing a Culture of Creativity in Libraries.
    Women in Libraries.

Cluster 99:
     Is There Anything Fair about It.
     How to Be Fair, Thorough, and Legal.

Cluster 100:
     His Life and Writings.
    Dusty Books and Living History.
    Little Biographies.

Cluster 101:
     The History and Origins of Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition of Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship, Electronic Publishing, and Open Access.
    Citation Advantage of Open Access Legal Scholarship.
     Open Access Legal Scholarship in the Time of Collection Budget Constraints.
    Revisiting the Open Access Citation Advantage for Legal Scholarship.
    Modern Legal Scholarship.
    Changes in Legal Scholarship and Their Impact on Law School Library Reference Services.
    How New Information Technologies Will Change the Way Law Professors Do and Distribute Scholarship.
    Legal Scholarship and the Electronic Revolution.
    Interdisciplinary Legal Scholarship.

Cluster 102:
    Applying Motivation Theory to Improve 1Ls' Motivation, Self-Efficacy, and Skill Mastery.
     A Model Self-Teaching Exercise.

Cluster 103:
    Nursery of a Supreme Court Justice.
    Something Little and Shiny on the Judicial Stage.

Cluster 104:
    Morris L. Cohen.
    Morris Cohen and Rare Book School.
    Morris Cohen and the Art of Book Collecting.
     Morris Cohen's Influence at Yale.
     Morris Cohen in the 1960s.

Cluster 105:
    Scientific Materials and the Law.
    Access to Depository Materials.

Cluster 106:
    The New York Joint International Law Program Experience.
    The First Annual Meeting of the American Association of Law Llibraries.

Cluster 107:
    Sir Frederick Pollock and Law Librarianship.
    Authorship Characteristics in Law Library Journal.
    J. Myron Jacobstein - Law Librarian Extraordinaire, Scholar, Collaborator, and Dear Friend.
    Frederick Hicks's Strategic Vision for Law Librarianship.
    Marian Gould Gallagher's Imprint on Law Librarianship - The Advantage of Casting Bread upon the Waters.

Cluster 108:
    Peer Review and Legal Publishing.
     Toward an Open Source Legal System.
    The Long Tail of Legal Information.
    John West and the Future of Legal Subscription Databases.
     How the Legal System Shapes Behavior by Producing Information.
    Legal Data and Information in Practice.
    Sources of Legal Information in Poland.
    The Cost of Legal Publications.
     Legal Information in the Department of Justice.
     The Development of Legal Information Management Index.
    Foreign Experiences toward the Development of a National Legal Information Center.
    The Role of a National Legal Information Center in the Access to Justice.
    Classified Information and Legal Research.
    Setting the Legal Information Agenda for the Year 2000.
    Introduction to the Symposium on Foreign Legal Databases.
    Online Legal Databases.
    Legal Information Systems and Other Law-Related Databases in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
    United Kindgom Legal Databases.
    Legal Information for the Public.
    Legal Databases, Legal Epistemology, and the Legal Order.
    Evaluation Criteria and Quality Control for Legal Knowledge Systems on the Internet.
    Redefining Open Access for the Legal Information Market.
    Legal Information and the Development of American Law.
    Peer to Peer Meets the World of Legal Information.
    Legal Information, the Informed Citizen, and the FDLP.

Cluster 109:
    Profiling Minority Law Librarians.
     Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Law Librarianship in the Twenty-First Century.
    Stereotype Threat and Law Librarianship.
    Race and the Reference Librarian.
     Navigating Law Librarianship While Black.
     A Week in the Life of a Black Female Law Librarian.
     Disrupting Librarian and Information Studies through Critical Race Theory.
    The Opportunity Law Librarians Are Missing.
    Sex-Based Discrimination in Law Libraries.
    A Black Librarian Takes a Look at Discrimination.
    Minorities Employed in Law Libraries.
    Profiling Minority Law Libraries.
    Why Is Diversity Important for Law Librarianship?.

Cluster 110:
    Exposure.
    Vision.

Cluster 111:
     Problems with Current English-Spanish Legal Dictionaries, and Notes toward a Critical Comparative Legal Lexicography .
    Comparative Evaluation of Online Machine Translation Systems with Legal Texts.
     An Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
    Another Analysis of Full-Text Legal Document Retrieval.
     Comments on the Evaluation of Legal Information Retrieval Systems.
    Performance of Legal Text Retrieval Systems.
     An Analysis of the Machine Translation of Legal Information.
    The Use of Machine Translation by Law Librarians - A Reply to Yates.

Cluster 112:
    Legal History-Unhappy Hybrid.
    When a Woman's Marital Status Determined Her Legal Status.

Cluster 113:
    Bridge of Words.
    The Words We Live By.

Cluster 114:
    On Asking for Help.
    On Not Doing Research.

Cluster 115:
    Web Wizards.
    The Best Tool for Building a Web Site.

Cluster 116:
    Are You a Member of the Law School Community.
     ABA Law School Accreditation in the 21st Century and America's First Law School's Battle to Survive in the 1970s.
    Fixing Law Schools.
    Power, Legal Education, and Law School Cultures.
     The Hicks Classification System and the Evolution of Law School Curriculum.
     Law School Opportunities.
    Are You Now Or Have You Been a Law Librarian.
     A Viable Program for Law Schools.
     A Survey of ABA-Accredited Law Schools.
     The Discipline of Law Schools and the Making of Post-Modern Lawyers.

Cluster 117:
    Upgrade Your Teaching.
    Assessment of Teaching and Learning.
    Improving Your Teaching.
     Promoting Learning through Learner-Centered Assessment.

Cluster 118:
     Making Climate History at the Supreme Court.
     How a Single Supreme Court Seat Can Change History.

Cluster 119:
    Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.
     A Reply to Chicken Little at the Reference Desk.

Cluster 120:
    A View from the Flip Side.
    The View from Above.
    A View from the Inside Looking In.

Cluster 121:
    Research in the Wild.
    Everyday Research.
    Resurrecting (and Modernizing) the Research Treasure Hunt.
    Impeccable Research.
     Fine-Tuning the Research Engine.
    Researching in an Imperfect World.
    How Do You Know When Research Is Good.

Cluster 122:
     Some Architectural Solutions.
    An Architect's Perspective.

Cluster 123:
     Black Women and Systemic Gendered Racism.
    Part II - Blacks.

Cluster 124:
    A Century's Worth of Access.
    Comparable Worth in Libraries.

Cluster 125:
    Service within and beyond Our Walls.
    Organized for Service.

Cluster 126:
     Article IV of the United States Constitution.
    The United States Constitution in Film.
    How to Read the Constitution and Why.
     Your Annotated Guide to the Constitution.

Cluster 127:
    Moving into Management from the Outside.
    Moving into Management from Within.
    Effectively Managing the Human Side of Change.
    Managing Internal Administrative Change.

Cluster 128:
    Viola A. Bird - A Biographical Sketch.
    Reminiscences of Viola A. Bird.

Cluster 129:
    Keeping Up is Hard to Do.

Cluster 130:
    Recent Developments in International and Municipal Law.
    Recent Developments in the Law Relating to Real Estate.
    Current Developments in Constitutional and Administrative Law.

Cluster 131:
     Challenges for Teaching Research.
    Teaching Research to Faculty.
    Rebooting the Approach to Teaching Research.

Cluster 132:
     Ethical Issues in Libraries.
    Protection of Libraries.
    The Doctrine of Fair Use as It Affects Libraries.
    Negligence Law for Libraries.
     School Library Censorship Controversies.
    Confidentiality of Library Records.
     The Confidentiality of Library Records.
     An Ethical Dilemma for Librarians.
    Freedom of Speech for Libraries and Librarians.
     Librarians and Freedom of Expression.
    Library Open-Distribution Systems and Copyright Infringement in Canada and the United States.
     A Librarian's Dilemma.
     The Myth of Librarian Liability.
    The Librarian's Risk of Irrelevance (in the Eyes of the Law School Dean).

Cluster 133:
     An Annotated Digital Catalogue.
    Cooperative Effort in Cataloging.
     Do We Need a Catalog.
    Commercial Cataloging.
     Cataloging - Part II.
    The Making of a Cataloging Manual at Southern Illinois University.
     One Cataloger's Experience.
    Cataloging Reform.

Cluster 134:
    Researching Labor Arbitration and Alternative Dispute Resolution in Employment.
    Exploring the Court of Arbitration for Sport.

Cluster 135:
    The Only Game in Town.

Cluster 136:
     Antitrust, Misuse, and Other Possible Paths to Challenge Inequitable Licensing Practices.
    Negotiating and Analyzing Electronic License Agreements.

Cluster 137:
    The Rule of Five.
    Robert's Rules of Order.

Cluster 138:
    Notes of a Law Book Scout in South America.
    Latin-American Law Books in Anglo-American Law Libraries.
    Report of the Committee on Securing Latin-American Laws.
    Basic Legal Research and Sources on the Latin American Economic Integration.
    Acquisition of Latin American Legal Materials.
    The Role of Latin American Legal Material in the Social Science Reseach Library.

Cluster 139:
    Digital Punishment.
    Punishment without Trial.

Cluster 140:
    Fitzherbert's Abridgement.
     The First Printing of Fitzherbert's La Graunde Abridgement, 1514-1516.

Cluster 141:
    The Army's Law Libraries.
    Military Law Source Material.
     The Legal System under the United States Military Government, 1846-1849.

Cluster 142:
    Collaboration versus Communication.
    Peaceful Partnerships.
    Some Suggestions for Cooperation.

Cluster 143:
    Cataloging Remote Electronic Resources.
    The Catalog vs. the Home Page - Best Practices in Connecting to Online Resources.

Cluster 144:
     The Students.
     Should Students Learn It or Wing It.
     How Do Students Learn.
     A Student's Perspective.

Cluster 145:
    Technology Management Trends in Law Schools.
    Can the Use of Visual Media Hardware and Software Be of Any Value in Law Education.

Cluster 146:
    Introduction to Symposium Issue on Classification.
    AALL Classification Survey 1968.
    Classification-The Choices.
     Problems and a Suggested Classification Scheme.
     History, Sources, and a Proposed Classification Scheme.

Cluster 147:
    Current Phases of Derivative Actions against Directors.
    What Do Directors Do.

Cluster 148:
    Notes on New Hampshire Statute Law.
    The Legislation of Vermont.

Cluster 149:
    American Researcher's Guide to European Communities Law and Legal Literature.
    A Guide to Austrian Legal Research.
    European Law in the Past and the Future.
    Sourcebook on German Law.
    European Union Legal Materials.

Cluster 150:
    The Student Assistant.
    Personnel Evaluation.
    Personnel Management.
    Administrative Assistants.
    A Staff Exchange Program.
    The Staff Study.

Cluster 151:
    Seeking Inspiration.
    Inspiring Innovation.

Cluster 152:
    Prosecuting the President.
     How Special Prosecutors Hold Presidents Accountable and Protect the Rule of Law.
    The Law and Order of Presidency.

Cluster 153:
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building.
    A Small Binding Plant in the Building, Part II, Administration.

Cluster 154:
     Striving for the Rule of Law in China.
    Legal Research Instruction and Law Librarianship in China.
    China's Law Library--Soochow University Law School Library.
    Legal Materials of the United States in the People's Republic of China.

Cluster 155:
    Go and Tell the World.

Cluster 156:
    Booksellers in Court.
    Court Rules--Where to Find Them.
    Rules of Court.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts.
    Sources of Rules of State Courts .
     A Court Evaluation Project.
    Persuasion in the Court.

Cluster 157:
    The Bottom Lines.
    Reading between the Lines.

Cluster 158:
    A (Mostly) Legislative History of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016.
    The Federal Trade Commission.
    Documents of the Federal Trade Commission.

Cluster 159:
    Negotiating Weaknesses.
    Negotiating Strengths.

Cluster 160:
    Unanswerable Questions.
     Too Many Unanswered Questions.
    Reply to Herskowitz's Unanswered Questions.

Cluster 161:
    In Defense of Wikipedia .
    A Defense of the Public Domain.

Cluster 162:
    The Federal Anti-Trust Law.
    Federal Funds.

Cluster 163:
    Evaluating Shepard's, KeyCite, and BCite for Case Validation Accuracy.
    Comparing KeyCite and Shepard's for Completeness, Currency, and Accuracy.
    A Response to Taylor's Comparison of Shepard's and KeyCite.
    Another Response to Taylor's Comparison of KeyCite and Shepard's .

Cluster 164:
     A Step-by-Step Guide.
     A Step-by-Step Approach.
     A Computer-Based Approach.

Cluster 165:
    Alexander H. R. Fraser.
    Frederick C. Hicks.
    Frederick C. Hicks.

Cluster 166:
    Where Will You Work - A Five-Year Statistical Analysis of AALL Job Placement Listings.
    Job Descriptions.
    Job Searching beyond the Classifieds.

Cluster 167:
    Project CLEAR's Paper Choice.
     Project CLEAR's Lexpert.

Cluster 168:
    The Relevance of Results Generated by Human Indexing and Computer Algorithms.
    The Algorithm as a Human Artifact.
    A Human Algorithm.

Cluster 169:
    Data, Data, Data.
    Budgets Need Supporting Data.
     Data, Decisions, and Developments.

Cluster 170:
     Selection and Evaluation.
     A Performance Study.
    The Annual Performance Evaluation.

Cluster 171:
    Improving Lives by Building Social Capital.
    Legal Information as Social Capital.

Cluster 172:
    The French Judiciary System.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    A Common Lawyer's French.
    French Civil Law System Since 1804.
    Current Research Sources in French Law.

Cluster 173:
    Access to Print, Access to Justice.
    The Science behind the Art of Legal Writing, Second Edition.
    Judicial Writing.
    Legal Literature and the Impact of Printing on the English Legal Profession.
    The Frontiers of Legal Writing.
     Printer, Lawyer, Jurist.
    Judicial Activism in Prose.
    Preserving Print Legal Information.

Cluster 174:
     One Hundred Years of AALL History.
    Frequently Asked Questions about AALL's First Hundred Years.
    AALL History through the Eyes of Its Presidents.

Cluster 175:
     How the Current U.S. Online Court Record System Exacerbates Inequality.
    Online Courts and the Future of Justice.

Cluster 176:
    Deconstructing Service in Libraries.
    Are Computer Service Agencies Responding to the Needs of Libraries.
    Computer Service Agencies and the Needs of Libraries.
     Service Expectations of the Second-Tier Libraries.
    The Impact of Electonic Access on Basic Library Services.

Cluster 177:
     Community of Meaning or Reinscription of Hierarchy.

Cluster 178:
    First Person... My Time on Rikers Island.

Cluster 179:
     An Intellectual History.
     A Fragile History.
     A Revisionist History; or More Than You Ever Wanted to Know.
     A History.
     A Short History.

Cluster 180:
    R-E-S-P-E-C-T, Find Out What It Means to Me.

Cluster 181:
    What Second Life Taught Me about Learning.
    A Learning Experience.
    Learning a Little about the World.

Cluster 182:
    Landscape of Digital Archiving.
    Preserving Digital Documents.
    Persistent Identification of Electronic Documents and the Future of Footnotes.

Cluster 183:
     Recent Developments.
     A Survey of Recent Literature.

Cluster 184:
    The Practitioners' Council.
    The Creation of COUNSEL.

Cluster 185:
    2010.
    2018.

Cluster 186:
    Adolf Sprudzs and the International Association of Law Libraries.
    Adolf Sprudzs and the UST Index.
    Remembrances of Adolf Sprudzs.
    Publications of Adolf Sprudzs.

Cluster 187:
    The Black Book of Justice Holmes.
    The Book of Trespass.

Cluster 188:
    Library for International Operations.
    Foreign Commercial Legislation in English.
    International Business Transactions.

Cluster 189:
     The Academy and the Judiciary.
    Minimum Standards of Judicial Administration.
    The Many-Faceted Institute of Judicial Administration.

Cluster 190:
    On Bacon's Rules and Maximes of the Common Law.
     Juridical Foundations of Francis Bacon's Philosophy of Science.
    A Translation of Bacon's Maxims of the Common Law.

Cluster 191:
     Lexicographer for a Day.
    Introducing Students to LEXIS.

Cluster 192:
    Paralegal Programs.
    The Paralegal as Patron.

Cluster 193:
     A Preliminary Perspective.
     A Very Preliminary Listing.

Cluster 194:
    Learning New Applications.
     A New Framework.

Cluster 195:
    Preserving Our Heritage.
     Preserving the First Draft of History.

Cluster 196:
    Acquisition of State Documents.
    Collecting and Keeping Federal Documents.
    Federal Documents, 1978.
    Federal Documents 1979.
    Federal Documents 1980.
    Legal Abbreviations of U.S. Government Documents.
    U.N. Documents in U.S. Case Law.

Cluster 197:
    A History of Intellectual Property in 50 Objects.
     Intellectual Property, Race, and the Making of Americans.

Cluster 198:
    Recent Experience in Cataloguing the Allegheny County Law Library, Pittsburg, PA..
    Some Remarks on the Pennsylvania Side Reports.
    Pennsylvania County Law Libraries.
    The History of Statutory Compilations in Pennsylvania.
    The Reports of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
    Work in the Pennsylvania Legislative Reference Bureau.

Cluster 199:
    Free to Be You and Me.

Cluster 200:
    From Rome to the Restatement.
     The Road from Ancient Rome to the Second Amendment.

Cluster 201:
    The Use of Non-MARC Metadata in AALL Libraries.
    The ABA, the AALL, the AALS, and the Duplication of Legal Publications.
     Law Librarians and Technology at the Founding of AALL.

Cluster 202:
    Checklist of Serials - Part II.
     Its Suitability to Legal Serials and Continuations.
    Serials Control at Boalt Hall.
    The Acquisition and Handling of Foreign Legal Serials.
     A Consolidated Union Serials List.
    Why Not a Shared Database for Legal Serial Patterns.

Cluster 203:
    Private Bills and Private Laws.

Cluster 204:
    Edward Brinley Adams.
    Stephen B. Griswold.

Cluster 205:
    Survey of Professional Attitudes toward Research Retrieval Systems.
    Practical Solutions--Creating a Database for Research Requests.

Cluster 206:
     An Empirical Analysis of LexisNexis and West Headnotes in the Written Opinions of the 2009 Supreme Court Term.
    A Survey of the Writing and Publication of Opinions in Federal and State Appellate Courts.
    Survey of State Court Opinion Writing and Publication Practices.
    Use of Law Reviews in Modern Legal Research.
    Ranking Law Reviews by Author Prominence - Ten Years Later.

Cluster 207:
    Liebert, Tobe. Abortion in the United States.
    Abortion and the Law in America.
     Roe v. Wade to the Present.

Cluster 208:
     Understanding Your Moral Compass, Interpersonal Skills, and Ethical Inventory before Practicing Law.
    Serving the Evening Law Student.
     The Scale of Justice (A Descant for Entering First-Year Law Students).

Cluster 209:
    Microcards and Legal Materials.
    Selected Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microforms on Legal Subjects.
    Microform Brief.
     Microforms - Part IV.
    Microform Update.
    Microforms.
    Microforms.
    Microform Management.

Cluster 210:
    Ending Copyright Claims in State Primary Legal Materials.
    Copyright Provisions in Law Journal Publication Agreements.
     Copyright, E-Licensing, and the Future of Librarianship.
     Copyright and the Future of Research Support.
     Applying Copyright's Work-Made-for-Hire Doctrine to Librarians' Scholarship.
    Copyright's Highway.
    Restoring the Balance of Copyright.
    Rebalancing Copyright.
    Notes on the Law of Copyright and Importation of Books.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections.
    The Copying of Literary Property in Library Collections, Part II.
    Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Tentative Recommendations of the Copyright Office on the Revision of the Copyright Law.
    Library Photocopying and Copyright.
    The New Copyright Act-Its Implications for Law Libraries.
     The Copyright Problem.
    United States Copyright Revision and Its Legislative History.
     Library Copying of Nonprint, Copyrighted Material.
    How to Research Copyright Law.
    The Ethical Aspects of Photocopying as They Pertain to the Library, the User and the Owner of Copyright.
    Copyright and the Library Reserve Room.
    Report to the Copyright Office by the American Association of Law Libraries July 30, 1982.
    The New United Kingdom Copyright Act and Its Implications for Libraries and Archives.
    Copyright Compliance by Law Firms (17 U.S.C. 108).
    Copyright Law and Library Photocopying.
    Is the Library without Walls on a Collision Course with the 1976 Copyright Act.
    Copyright in Library-Held Materials.

Cluster 211:
    NOTIS Users' Survey.
    User Surveys.

Cluster 212:
     Part, Present, and Future Development of Patent Classification in the United States.
    The Library of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals.
    How to Perform a Patent Search.
    Library Needs of a Patent Attorney .
    Electronic Resources for Patent Searching.

Cluster 213:
    Teacher, Coach, Cheerleader, and Judge.

Cluster 214:
     Necessary Evil or Effective Group Process.
     Necessary Evil or Golden Opportunity.

Cluster 215:
    Finding the Middle Ground in Collection Development.
    Building a Collaborative Digital Collection.
     A Collection Development Guide.
    Organizing and Accessing a Special Collection.
     Keeping the Collection Lean and Mean in Good Times and Bad.
    One Piece of the Collection Development Puzzle.
     Emerging Roles for the Collection Development Librarian.
     Solving a Collection Conundrum.

Cluster 216:
    Resources to Begin the Study of Jewish Law in Conservative Judaism.
    Basic Books and Periodicals on Jewish Law.

Cluster 217:
    The Importance of Parliamentary Law to the Legal Profession.
    The British Judiciary and Court Organization.
    Organization and Governance of the British Legal Profession.
    The Victorian-Era Law Office.

Cluster 218:
    Pro Say Podcast.
    Technology for Everyone... Podcasts and Podcasting for Law Librarians.

Cluster 219:
    Third Circuit Court Reports (1789-1879).
    Publication of the Orders of Federal Administrative Law Judges.
    Historical Development of the Law Concerning Judicial Report Publication.
     Publication Patterns in the Eighth and Tenth Circuits of the United States Court of Appeals.

Cluster 220:
    Exploring Precedent.
     Describing Negative Legal Precedent in Citators.
    Precedential Power Policies.

Cluster 221:
    Remodeling.
    Remodeling and Expanding Space.

Cluster 222:
    Breaking down the Black Box.
    Researching outside the Box.

Cluster 223:
     Electronic Dynamos or Legal Quagmire.

Cluster 224:
     Ethics in Everyday Life.
    Checklist of Publications of Legal Ethics Opinions.
    Ethical Standards in Publishing.

Cluster 225:
    NCLC Digital Library.
    Clements Library.
    Tarlton Library.

Cluster 226:
     The University of Richmond Experience.
     The D.C. Experience.

Cluster 227:
    A History of the West Nutshells.
    Western Pacific Chapter.

Cluster 228:
    Cancellation of Print Primary Sources in Canadian Academic Law Libraries.
    To Leave or Not to Leave - Law Libraries and the FDLP.
    Cancelling Serials in Academic Law Libraries.

Cluster 229:
    It Started with a Brick.
     How Did It Begin.

Cluster 230:
    Proposed Constitutional Amendments as a Research Tool.
    The Other Amendments.
     Constitutional Amendments That Failed.

Cluster 231:
     Legal Implications of Rising Seas and a Changing Climate.
     The University of Virginia Newlin Collection on Oceans Law and Policy.

Cluster 232:
    Reclassification at Berkeley.
    Reflections on a JX Reclassification Project.

Cluster 233:
    Dress Codes.
    Law School Honor Codes.

Cluster 234:
     Approaches to the Legal History of Copyright in England before 1842.
    Hudson, John. The Oxford History of Laws of England.

Cluster 235:
     What Are We Doing and Where Are We Going.
     Where Are We Now.

Cluster 236:
    Got Ideas.
     Some Things to Bear in Mind.

Cluster 237:
    Understanding the Other International Agreements.
    Citation Books for United States Treaties.
    International Documentation and Treaty Problems.
    An Introduction to Research on International Tax Agreements.
    International Executive Agreements.
    United States Treaties and International Agreements.
    Fundamentals of Foreign Treaty Research.
    How the United States Perfects an International Agreement.
    Treaty Research Basics.
    Is a Universal Collection of Treaties Feasible- An Appraisal of the U.N. Treaty Series.

Cluster 238:
    Thomas, Suja A. The Missing American Jury.
    The Enigma of Clarence Thomas.

Cluster 239:
    The Impact of Impending Enrollment Increases upon Legal Education.

Cluster 240:
    The Complete Legal Guide to Senior Care.

Cluster 241:
     Myth or Reality.
    Perception versus Reality.

Cluster 242:
     What Can We Learn from Princeton's Long-Standing Tradition.

Cluster 243:
    Institutes from the Point of View of a Director.
    Institutes from the Point of View of the Student.

Cluster 244:
     Or, Can the Police Smell Probable Cause--A Substantive Lesson Plan.

Cluster 245:
    Fight of the Century.
     The 19th Century - Part II.
     The 20th Century - Part III.

Cluster 246:
    Regulating Rehabilitation.

Cluster 247:
    Review.
    Reviewing the State of the Art Reviews, or, How to Keep Up with Those Who Are Keeping Up.
     A Review and Some Suggestions.
     A Review.
     A Ten Year Review.

Cluster 248:
    The Origin, History and Compilation of the Case-Book.
    Part III - Treatise Literature.

Cluster 249:
     What Works at Work.
    Working Together.

Cluster 250:
     Ecosocialism, Ecofeminism, and Law.
    Law and Economics in Jane Austen.

Cluster 251:
    Database Ownership.
    From Ownership to Access.

Cluster 252:
    A Manual to Inform Every Citizen.

Cluster 253:
    Twitter.
    Social Media and Democracy.

Cluster 254:
     An Overview of the Social Science Studies.

Cluster 255:
     Artificial Intelligence as Disruptor.
     How Artificial Intelligence Is Redefining Who We Are.

Cluster 256:
    Anecdotes from Bander.
    Anecdotes Revisited.

Cluster 257:
     The State of the Art.
     The State of the Art, 1978.
     The State of the Art, 1984.
     The State of the Art.

Cluster 258:
    Pico and Beyond.

Cluster 259:
    Golf Buddy Reference Questions.

Cluster 260:
    The Road Not Yet Taken.

Cluster 261:
    Planning for Automation.
     How Automation Has Transformed the Law.

Cluster 262:
    Managing the Boss.
     Having a Difficult Conversation with the Boss, The .

Cluster 263:
    Leather Preservation.
    Review of Leather for Binding during the Last Eleven Years in England and America.

Cluster 264:
    Legal Banter.
    Legal Banter from Bander.
    Legal Banter.

Cluster 265:
     Wilsondisc Compared to Legaltrac.

Cluster 266:
    Netscape, Standards, and You.

Cluster 267:
     The Curious History of Alphabetical Order.
    Alphabetical Order and Other Simple Systems.

Cluster 268:
     A Guide to Producing and Publishing Scholarly and Professional Writing.
    Planning a Publication Venture.
    Writing Research Results for Publication.

Cluster 269:
     Restoring the Fundamental Constitutional Role of the Criminal, Civil, and Grand Juries.
    Res Judicata.

Cluster 270:
     An Introduction to the Command Papers of the United Kingdom.

Cluster 271:
    MAUL.

Cluster 272:
    Assessment Strategies in Technical Services.

Cluster 273:
    Keeping Watch on the Waterfront.

Cluster 274:
    How Many Copies Are Enough Revisited.
    How Many Copies Are Enough - Using Citation Studies to Limit Journal Holdings.

Cluster 275:
     A Guide to the Sources and Their English Translations.
     A Guide to the Sources and Literature.
     A Research Guide.
     A Guide to Research Sources.
     Up-to-Date Sources of Information in English.
     An Overview and Guide to the Sources.

Cluster 276:
    Prison Theater and the Global Crisis of Incarceration.
    A Spark of Hope for Prisoners.
    Assisting Prisoners.

Cluster 277:
     Session Laws.
    Saving Time in Recording Statutes and Session Laws.
    Stumbling Blocks and Pitfalls in Session Laws.
    A Checklist of South Carolina Session Laws.

Cluster 278:
    By the Book.
    Not by Books Alone.

Cluster 279:
    A Different Democratic Divide.

Cluster 280:
     University of Miami.
     University of Oklahoma.

Cluster 281:
     New Name for an Old Practice.

Cluster 282:
     Lessons from the Minor Leagues.

Cluster 283:
    Joseph Story's Encyclopedia Americana Law Articles.
    The Book that Made the Common Law.
    Critique of Handbooks on Common Market Law .
    The Common Law in the American Legal System.
    Cliobernetics, Christianity, and the Common Law.
    Gale Encyclopedia of Everyday Law.

Cluster 284:
     The First Fifty Years.
     125 Years.

Cluster 285:
    Time Management.

Cluster 286:
    The Law in the Near and Middle East Basic Sources in English.
    Plain Language Statutes.
    Shepardizing English Law.
     How and Why Legal Language Is Different.

Cluster 287:
     Enhancing the Visibility of Faculty Scholarship.
    The Gaps Model and Faculty Services.
    The Faculty Services Department.
    Faculty Services.

Cluster 288:
    A National Program for the Publication of the Historical Documents of the United States.
    Part III - Materials in the National Archives.
    Archives and Manuscripts.
    NARA's Electronic Records Archives Program.

Cluster 289:
    Speak Memory.
     Memos.

Cluster 290:
    Due Diligence.
     A Due Process Emphasis.

Cluster 291:
     Who Applied and Who Was Chosen.

Cluster 292:
    First.
    The First.
    The Second.

Cluster 293:
    Diana Mary Priestly.

Cluster 294:
    My Year of Citation Studies, Part 1.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 2.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 3.
     My Year of Citation Studies, Part 4.
    To Cite or Not to Cite.
     Citations in Seconds.
    Keeping Validity in Cite.

Cluster 295:
     Ten Basic Guidelines.
     Choices, Approaches, and Standards.

Cluster 296:
    Murder in Middletown.

Cluster 297:
    Dealing with Stress.
     A Technique for Coping with Change.

Cluster 298:
     A Study in Preservation Strategy.
    The Role of Commercial Publishers in Preservation.

Cluster 299:
     A Critique and Models for Change.
    The Winds of Change.

Cluster 300:
     Some Cautionary Notes.
     A Cautionary Tale.

Cluster 301:
    Managing the Invisible Media.

Cluster 302:
    Editing the Session Laws of the State of New York.
    Revisions and Complications of the Laws of New York.
    The Session Laws of the State of New York.
    Procedural Codes of the State of New York.
    The Revised Statutes of New York.
    New York Session Laws-Facts and Foibles.
    Current Developments in Pleading, Practice and Procedure in New York.
    Examinations before Trial in New York State.
    The New York Revised Statutes - 1829.
    Revised Statutes of New York-1829.
    New York Statutory Index.

Cluster 303:
     The History of the Language Problem and the Use of Generic Terms.

Cluster 304:
    A History of the Digests.
    WESTLAW and the American Digest Classification Scheme.
    The Digests of Pennsylvania.

Cluster 305:
    Iowa Legal Research, Second Edition.
    A Chart of Ohio Case Law.
    Ohio Case Law.
    An Analysis of Citations to Authority in Ohio Appellate Decisions Published in 1990.

Cluster 306:
     Driving My Way through a Sabbatical.
     Further Along the Sabbatical Trail.

Cluster 307:
    Blazing Trails in a New Kentucky Wilderness.

Cluster 308:
    Merging West and Thomson.

Cluster 309:
     What Is Not Being Done.

Cluster 310:
    Crystal Ball-Reading Skills Required.

Cluster 311:
    How Shepard's Citations Lost Its Flock.

Cluster 312:
    Creating an Outline Tutorial and Pathfinder.

Cluster 313:
     National and International Perspectives.
     Foreign and International Research and Nonspecialist.

Cluster 314:
    Indexing for Publishers.
     Editions, Reprints, and Competitors.
    An Economic Analysis of Early Casebook Publishing.

Cluster 315:
     Why All Those Old State Reports Really Matter.

Cluster 316:
    Editor's Postscript.

Cluster 317:
    The Therapy of Humor in the Practice of Law.
    Humor in the Law Library.
    Legal Humor Dissected.

Cluster 318:
    Loose Leaf Law Reports.
    Law Reports Loose Leaf System.
    Loose-Leaf Reporting Services.
    Legal Looseleaf Services.

Cluster 319:
    Working Group Summary on Network Planning.

Cluster 320:
    Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants Phase II or Anatomy of the AALL Scholarships and Grants Revisited.
    AALL Scholarships and Grants, 1984.
     A Look at AALL Scholarship Recipients, 1967-1988.

Cluster 321:
     Acknowledging the Third Sovereign.

Cluster 322:
     An Index.
     An Analysis.

Cluster 323:
    Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Additions to Preliminary List of Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Our Set of the Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
    Letters Concerning Some Litchfield Law School Notebooks.
     The Research Value of Law Student Notebooks.

Cluster 324:
    The Pursuit of Happiness in the Founding Era.
    The Second Founding.

Cluster 325:
    Congressional Committee Calendars as Legislative Indices.
    Legislative Calendars of Committees in the House of Representatives, as of 1969.

Cluster 326:
     Some Theories, Some Facts and Some Reflections.
     Theory and Practice.

Cluster 327:
    Celebrating the Virtues of Saying I Don't Know.

Cluster 328:
    State Administrative Decisions.
     Administrative Issues and Concerns.

Cluster 329:
    Researching Oral History Materials.

Cluster 330:
    The Judicial System in Japan.
    The Japanese Legal System and International Trade.

Cluster 331:
    Animal Stories for Good Reference Librarians.
    The Library as Storyteller.

Cluster 332:
    These Are a Few of My Favorite Books.

Cluster 333:
    What Do You Do All Day.

Cluster 334:
    The Historical and Legal Underpinnings of Access to Public Documents.
     A History of Legal Aid, 1863-1945.
    Reminiscences of a Law Bookseller from 1874 to Modern Times.
    Possibilities of American Legal History.
    The Publication of Legal Treatises in America from 1800 to 1830.
    Unprinted Sources of English Legal History.
    Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part I.
    Commentary on Sources for the Legal History of the American Revolution - Part II.
     18th Century Lawyers and Papers - Part I.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
    Lawyers' Papers as a Source of Legal History.
     Legal History and the Civil War.
    The Use of Early American Court Records in Historical Research.
    Part II - Biography in Legal History.
    Part III - the Role of Native Americans in American Legal History.
    Government Litigation Files as a Source of Legal History.
    Law Books and Legal Publishing in America, 1760-1840.
    A Guide to American Legal History Methodology with an Example of Research in Progress.
     Writings on the Form and Structure of the Published Law.
    Researching Legal History in the Digital Age.

Cluster 335:
    Quality Control for Archival Tapes.

Cluster 336:
     1993-2005 Supplement.

Cluster 337:
     How Law Student Information Literacy Standards Address Identified Issues in Legal Research Education and Training.
     Using the Inverted Classroom to Enhance the Legal Information Literacy of the International LL.M. Student.
    Are You Doing It Backward - Improving Information Literacy Instruction Using the AALL Principles and Standards for Legal Research Competency, Taxonomies, and Backward Design.
    Information Literacy Learning Outcomes among Undergraduate Law Students in Two African Universities.

Cluster 338:
    Firm Facts.
    Firm Facts.

Cluster 339:
    Expanding Your Base.

Cluster 340:
     Strategies to Take the Pinch out of Stepping into New Shoes.

Cluster 341:
     Text Transcript & Commentary.
    Commentary.

Cluster 342:
     Staying Power.

Cluster 343:
    Recent Developments in Securities Law.
    Research in Securities Regulation.
    Research in Securities Regulation Revisited.

Cluster 344:
     Epidemics and the Law from Smallpox to COVID-19.
    COVID-19 in Asia.

Cluster 345:
    Creating a Supplemental Thesaurus to LCSH for a Specialized Collection.

Cluster 346:
     The Ethical Conundrums of Pro Bono Activities.

Cluster 347:
    Bill Drafting.

Cluster 348:
     Stories of Self-Represented Litigants and a Call for Using Cognitive Linguistics to Work with Them.

Cluster 349:
    Part I - Records and Briefs.
    The Case of the Disappearing Briefs.

Cluster 350:
     Why Librarians, Not Vendors, Should Teach CALR to First-Year Students.

Cluster 351:
    Functions and Jurisdiction of the United States Court of Customs Appeals.

Cluster 352:
    2004-05 Completed Research Grant Project.

Cluster 353:
    The NASA Information System.

Cluster 354:
    Assessing the Health of FOIA after 2000 through the Lens of the National Security Archive and Federal Government Audits.
     Protecting the Future of Investigative Reporting.

Cluster 355:
    Ordinary Joe in the Decision-Making Process.

Cluster 356:
    New York Emergency Commercial Rent Law.

Cluster 357:
    From Brown to Topeka to the Future.

Cluster 358:
    High-Tech, Low-Tech, No-Tech.

Cluster 359:
    The Lost Translators of 1808 and the Birth of Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Civil Law in Louisiana.
    Louisiana's Civil Law Heritage.
     The Case of Louisiana, The .
    The Supreme Court of Louisiana and Its Chief Justices.

Cluster 360:
     The Pentagon Papers Fifty Years on.

Cluster 361:
    When Goals Collide.

Cluster 362:
    A Pattern of Violence.

Cluster 363:
     One Law, Ten Cases, and Fifty Years that Changed American Women's Lives at Work.
     Gender Equality and the Nineteenth Amendment.

Cluster 364:
    The Right to Access Legal Information.
    The Right of Access to Environmental Information.
    Public's Access to Government--Freedom of Information, Privacy and Sunshine Acts - an Address.
    The Freedom of Information Act of 1966.
    The Right to Receive Information.

Cluster 365:
     Accommodating Cultural and Learning-Style Differences.

Cluster 366:
    Separating State from Church.

Cluster 367:
    Promises to Keep.

Cluster 368:
    Client-Based Document Delivery Services.
     Document Delivery in the Nineties.
    Integrating Document Delivery Services with Electronic Document Delivery Technologies.

Cluster 369:
    Maintaining Your Competitive Edge.
     Pro- or Anti-Competitive.

Cluster 370:
     How Actor Network Theory Can Help Librarians Better Train Law Students in Legal Research Techniques.
    Network Prospects for the Legal Profession.
    Some Characteristics of Legal Information and Their Importance in the Economics of Networks.

Cluster 371:
     A Better Balance.
    Striking a Balance.
    In Search of the Delicate Balance.

Cluster 372:
    The Secret Rules That Govern Our Digital Lives.
    A User's Perspective on Privacy and the Web.
    Privacy.

Cluster 373:
     A Citation Analysis of World Wide Web Sites.

Cluster 374:
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part I.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair--Part II.
    A Researcher's Guide to the Watergate Affair Part III.

Cluster 375:
    Issues and Trends in Collection Development for East Asian Legal Materials.
    Cataloging According to Legal Principles.
    The Cataloging of Legal Material for Non-Legal Purposes.
    Classification of Arbitration Materials-From a Law Librarian's Viewpoint.
    The Use of Form Headings in the Cataloging of Legal Materials.
    Preservation and Conservation of Legal Materials.
    Cataloging Legal Materials On-Line.
    Acquiring International Legal Materials.
    Research Techniques in British Legal Materials.
    Collection Development in British Legal Materials.
    Cataloging and Classification of Law Materials.
    Preservation of Foreign Legal Materials.

Cluster 376:
    Use of a Sequential Camera for Composition of a List of Subject Headings.

Cluster 377:
    Limited Classification at the District of Columbia Bar Association Library.
    A Comparative Lawyer's Review of the LC Classification System.

Cluster 378:
    Thanking and Being Thanked.
     An Appreciation.
     An Appreciation.
     An Appreciation.
     An Appreciation.

Cluster 379:
    Vendor-Supplied Automated Authority Control.
    Vendor Processing and Local Authority File Development.

Cluster 380:
    Indexing Legislation.
    Indexing of Legislation.
    Need for an Index to Statute Law.
    The State Law Index.
    A Subject Index for Canadian Federal Statutes--A Proposal Based on the New Index to the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations.
    Indexing and Searching in Statutory Text.
    The Problems of Statutory Indexing.

Cluster 381:
     Method and Application.

Cluster 382:
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.
    Preliminary Drafts of the Restatements.

Cluster 383:
    Cancellation of Serials in Budget Crisis.

Cluster 384:
    Baseless Hysteria.

Cluster 385:
     Music's Influence on America's Courts.
     Reading Today's Most Contentious Legal Issues through the Hit Musical.

Cluster 386:
    Klassification.
    Reflections on Klassification or the Quest of an Ideal.
    Klassification Again.

Cluster 387:
    Re-opening of the Middle Temple Library.
    A Sketch of the Inner Temple Library.

Cluster 388:
     Sylvester Gilbert's School at Hebron.
    Sylvester Gilbert's Law School at Hebron, Connecticut.

Cluster 389:
    Movie Therapy for Law Students.
     Are You Ready for Law School? Prepare for Law School by Watching Movies.
    Films 16mm in Legal Education.

Cluster 390:
    Retrospective Application of Class KF at Davis.

Cluster 391:
    Climb High.

Cluster 392:
    Cataloging Microforms Using RLIN.

Cluster 393:
     The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.
    Granting Certiorari by the United States Supreme Court.

Cluster 394:
     OCLC and RLIN Compared.
    OCLC's Serials Control Subsystem.
    Cataloging Microreproductions on OCLC.
    Uses of OCLC Archival Tapes and Planning for On-Line Catalogs.

Cluster 395:
    Eulogy for My Father.

Cluster 396:
    Foreign Official Gazettes.

Cluster 397:
    How Whiskey Law Shaped America.
     The Example of Prohibition.

Cluster 398:
     A Scholarly Essay.
    Review Essay.

Cluster 399:
     Property Rights in the World of Ideas.

Cluster 400:
    Silk v. Corduroy.

Cluster 401:
    Elsie Basset.

Cluster 402:
    Practicing Reference.
    Learning from Reference Experience.
    Practicing Reference.
    The Reference Assistant.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
    Practicing Reference.
    Reference Records.
    Teaching the Art of the Reference Interview.

Cluster 403:
    Inclusion and Participation.
     Inclusion and Equity in the Law School Classroom.

Cluster 404:
     1969-1986.
     1953-2002.

Cluster 405:
    Armed Citizens.
     Race and Guns in a Fatally Unequal America.

Cluster 406:
     A Paradigm Shift.
     Encountering a New Paradigm.

Cluster 407:
    Dyspeptic Ramblings of a Retiring Past President.

Cluster 408:
    Faculty Privileges and Abuses.

Cluster 409:
    Law Libraries and the Future of Public Access to Born-Digital Government Information.
    Issues in the Preservation of Born-digital Scholarly Communications in Law.

Cluster 410:
    Care and Maintenance of the Successful Career.
    Taking Care of Business.

Cluster 411:
    The Curse of Thamus.
    The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reply to West Publishing Company and Mead Data Central on The Curse of Thamus.
    A Reconstruction of Thamus.

Cluster 412:
    Federal Depository Status for State Appellate Court Libraries.
     The Impact on the Federal Depository Library Program.
     Dropping Out of the Federal Depository Library Program.

Cluster 413:
    Mike Jacobstein.
    Remembrances of J. Myron Jacobstein.

Cluster 414:
    Prison Librarianship Policy and Practice.
    Law Library Service to Prisoners--The Responsibility of Nonprison Libraries.
    Present Legal Status and Conditions of Prison Law Libraries.
    Improving the Use of Prison Law Libraries.
    De-Mystifying Legal Research for Prisoners.
    Does Lewis v. Casey Spell the End to Court-Ordered Improvement of Prison Law Libraries.

Cluster 415:
    Managing Conflict.
    The Anatomy of Conflict.
     Some Thoughts on Managing Staff Conflict.

Cluster 416:
     A Research Guide on the Common Law Doctrine of Coverture.

Cluster 417:
    Statehood and the Law of Self-Determination.

Cluster 418:
    Francois-Xavier Martin.

Cluster 419:
    The Legal Personality of the Colonial Period of Mexico.
    An Overview of the Legal System of the Aztec Empire.
     A Review of Spanish and Mexican Legal Institutions.

Cluster 420:
     A Study of West's Headnotes and Key Numbers and LexisNexis's Headnotes and Topics.
     Literary Warrant and West's Key Number System.

Cluster 421:
    Development of a Maritime Law Classification.

Cluster 422:
     A Survey.
     A Survey .
     A Survey.
     A Survey.
     A Descriptive Survey.
     An Historical Survey.
     A Survey.
     A Report on the 1992-1993 Survey.
     A Survey.

Cluster 423:
    Integrating New Technology.

Cluster 424:
    A Friendship Built on Lunch, Licorice, and Slivovitz.

Cluster 425:
    Constitutional Personae.
    Constitutional Orphan.

Cluster 426:
     What Does It All Mean.
     What It Can Mean to You                    .

Cluster 427:
    Using Adaptive Technology to Provide Access to Blind, Low-Vision, and Dyslexic Patrons.

Cluster 428:
    Full-Text Information Retrieval.

Cluster 429:
     From the Printing Press to the Cloud, Second Edition.

Cluster 430:
    Musings.

Cluster 431:
    The Circle of Life.

Cluster 432:
     A View from Both Sides of the Academic/Practice Dichotomy.

Cluster 433:
    Serendipity in the Stacks, Fortuity in the Archives.

Cluster 434:
    From the Attic to the Courts.

Cluster 435:
     Legal Reference Service in the Age of the Content Farm.
    Reference Service vs. Legal Advice.
    Reference Theory and the Future of Legal Reference Service.
    Research Protocols in Reference Service.
    The Authorized Practice of Legal Reference Service.

Cluster 436:
    Whom We Shall Serve.

Cluster 437:
    Distribution of U. S. Government Publications.
    A Recent History of the Pricing of Government Publications.

Cluster 438:
    Bollywood Law.
     Commercial Hindi Films with Legal Themes.

Cluster 439:
    Photo-Clerical Experiment.
    The Photocopying Machine.

Cluster 440:
    Information Is Cheap, but Meaning Is Expensive.
    The Economic Value of Information.
    Why We Must Talk about the Information Commons.

Cluster 441:
    Candy, Points, and Highlighters.

Cluster 442:
     Progress and Evolving Norms in a Digital Age.
     Embracing the Computer Age.

Cluster 443:
    Juris.

Cluster 444:
     Commentary on Fishlyn.

Cluster 445:
     The Problem of Functional Design.

Cluster 446:
    Redefining a Profession.
    Rebuilding the Profession.

Cluster 447:
    Unpublished Opinions as the Bulk of the Iceberg.

Cluster 448:
     A Librarian's Guide to the Opinions of Justice Michael A. Musmanno.

Cluster 449:
    Legal Periodical Usage Survey.
    A Checklist of Annual Surveys of State and Federal Laws.

Cluster 450:
    The Gentle Art of Making Enemies or Law Book Publishing Revisited.
    Art and the Law.
    Art Law Research.

Cluster 451:
    The Massachusetts Constitutional Convention.
    Conclusion of the Reprint of Massachusetts Bay Colonial Laws.
    Outline of Massachusetts Statute Law Publications.

Cluster 452:
    British Courts and Law Reporting in East Africa.
    The African Law Reports.

Cluster 453:
    A Phantom Citation.

Cluster 454:
    Index to 1982 Convention Abstracts and Program Proceedings.

Cluster 455:
    Irish Legal History.

Cluster 456:
    The Joy of Gathering.

Cluster 457:
    Canon Law.

Cluster 458:
    Imagining the Use of Intelligent Agents and Artificial Intelligence in Academic Law Libraries.
    Robotics, AI and the Future of Law.
    Law, Artificial Intelligence, and Natural Language Processing.
    Logic, Law and Dreams.
     Law, Literature, Life.

Cluster 459:
    Uniformity in Cataloguing.

Cluster 460:
     Integrating Library Services with Academic Support Programs.
     Scholarly Needs and Service Opportunities.

Cluster 461:
     A Guide for Infrequent Users.

Cluster 462:
    The Trouble with Utopia.

Cluster 463:
    Reznikoff's Testimony.

Cluster 464:
     CALR and the Role of Informal Apprenticeship in Attorney Training.
    A Measure of CALR Use by First-Year Law Students Following Mandatory Training.

Cluster 465:
     Challenges of Inaccessible References.

Cluster 466:
     Legal Issues, Policy, and Practical Strategies.
     A Survey of Problems, Policies, and Laws.

Cluster 467:
    The Genesis of an Act of Congress.

Cluster 468:
     Sources and Problems.
    Encounters with Sources.

Cluster 469:
    The Queen of Chula Vista.

Cluster 470:
    Managing by the Book... Moving into Management.
    Managing by the Book... Battling Burnout.
    Managing by the Book... Perfecting Negotiating Techniques.

Cluster 471:
    LITE (Legal Information Thru Electronics)--A Progress Report.

Cluster 472:
     Lessons Learned from Implementing a Law Library Blog.
    Oh My Blawg - Who Will Save the Legal Blogs.

Cluster 473:
    Volume Equivalents of Microforms--A Question`.

Cluster 474:
    The Decline of Natural Law.
     How Americans Once Used Natural Law and Why They Stopped.

Cluster 475:
     The Death of Academic Law Libraries Is an Exaggeration.
    Academic Law Libraries' New Frontier - The Post-Truth Cognitive Bias Challenge and Calls for Behavioral and Structural Reforms.

Cluster 476:
    Norway and International Law.

Cluster 477:
    Rethinking Environmental Law.
     Why Environmental Laws Should Conform to the Laws of Nature.

Cluster 478:
    Some Unreported Opinions of a Territorial Judge 1805-1823.

Cluster 479:
     A Figuration in Flux.

Cluster 480:
     The Struggle for Racial Equality at the Nation's Oldest Public University.

Cluster 481:
     Recognizing the Causes of the Imposter Syndrome, and How to Put a Stop to the Cycle.

Cluster 482:
    Letter from the President.

Cluster 483:
    On Fun.

Cluster 484:
    Just Looking.

Cluster 485:
    Finding out What They Want to Know.

Cluster 486:
    Emperor's New Clothes.

Cluster 487:
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.
    Response to Wayne P. Kelley.

Cluster 488:
    The Durham Statement Two Years Later.
    A Response to the Durham Statement Two Years Later.

Cluster 489:
    Current Developments in the Law of Torts, 1942.

Cluster 490:
    Remaking Appalachia.

Cluster 491:
    Looking for Waldo.

Cluster 492:
    Helen in the Court.
    Helen in Academe.

Cluster 493:
     The Unique Contribution of George Edwin Wire.

Cluster 494:
    Most Distinct and Lively Pictures.

Cluster 495:
     Reflections on Life and the Law, with Selected Judicial Opinions and Articles.
    Reflections on Constitutional Law.

Cluster 496:
    Unsigned Article on Corpus Delicti in the First Edition of the Encyclopedia Americana.

Cluster 497:
    Abetting Batterers.

Cluster 498:
    Class K (Law) at the University of Chicago.
    Administrative Law and the Expansion of Class K at New York University.
    Class K-Law.

Cluster 499:
    Of Reference and Revelation.

Cluster 500:
    Arba N. Crane.

Cluster 501:
    The Death of the Digest and the Pitfalls of Electronic Research.

Cluster 502:
     The Only Surviving Copy.

Cluster 503:
    Bounds and Reality.

Cluster 504:
    From Creativity to Computerese.

Cluster 505:
     Recovering Our Freedom from Big Ag, Big Tech, and Big Money.

Cluster 506:
    J. G. Marvin.

Cluster 507:
    Bitten by the Reading Bug.

Cluster 508:
    Ballots at Boalt.

Cluster 509:
     The Library of James Harlan of Kentucky, Father of John Marshall Harlan.

Cluster 510:
    State Law Libraries Weight of Fatigue.

Cluster 511:
    Legal Implications of the Arab Economic Boycott of the State of Israel.

Cluster 512:
     What to Do.

Cluster 513:
     Both and, Not Either or.

Cluster 514:
    John Norton Pomeroy, 1828-1885.

Cluster 515:
    Noble, Safiya Umoja, Algorithms of Oppression.

Cluster 516:
     Is It Possible to Draw the Line.

Cluster 517:
     The Saskatchewan Approach.

Cluster 518:
    An Acceleration System for Routing Materials in Law Firm Libraries.

Cluster 519:
    Chronology of the Publications of the Opinions of the Judge Advocate General of the Army.

Cluster 520:
     Implications for Legal [Re]Search.

Cluster 521:
    The Power of RSS Feed.

Cluster 522:
    Finding Common Ground.

Cluster 523:
    Legal Deposit in Four Countries.

Cluster 524:
     Legal and Ethical Questions in Assisting the Pro Se Patron.
    Pro Se Users, Reference Liability, and the Unauthorized Practice of Law.

Cluster 525:
    Reorganization of the Law Library at Baylor University.
    Results of Reorganization at Baylor.

Cluster 526:
    The ALA Accreditation Process.

Cluster 527:
    Print Citator Instruction.

Cluster 528:
    A New Twist on an Old Plot.

Cluster 529:
    Sticking to the Union.

Cluster 530:
     How Is AALL Doing.

Cluster 531:
    Watson, Answer Me This.

Cluster 532:
    Taking Up Barkan's Challenge.

Cluster 533:
    Standard Bar Codes Beware - Smartphone Users May Prefer QR Codes.

Cluster 534:
    Batlan, Felice. Women and Justice for the Poor.

Cluster 535:
    Response to Address of Welcome.

Cluster 536:
    LEXIS Membership Group Sponsorship.

Cluster 537:
    Operation Compulex.

Cluster 538:
    Professional Responsibility of Accountants and Lawyers before the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    Professional Responsibility.

Cluster 539:
    Re.

Cluster 540:
    Getting It from the Source.

Cluster 541:
     30 Lessons Learned (and a Few Strokes of Luck) at the Crossroads.

Cluster 542:
    Remarks on John William Wallace.

Cluster 543:
    For Fear the Gallows.

Cluster 544:
    History of the Carolina-South Eastern Chapter, 1937-1955.

Cluster 545:
    Like Mark Twain.

Cluster 546:
    Adnan's Story.

Cluster 547:
    A More Cooperative Clerk.

Cluster 548:
    The Use of Nonhuman Animals in Research.

Cluster 549:
     Strengthened, Maintained, or Degraded?.

Cluster 550:
     Endeavor v. Resignation.

Cluster 551:
    The Beacon Lights of the Law.

Cluster 552:
    Specifications for Steel and Wood Stack Shelving.

Cluster 553:
     A Step by Step Guide for the Inventor.

Cluster 554:
    Legal Festschriften.

Cluster 555:
    Mattress Tags and Pillow Case.

Cluster 556:
    Learning to Lead.

Cluster 557:
    About Microaggressions.

Cluster 558:
    Microfiche Conversion Program at Johnson & Swanson or What to Do When the Compactor Won't Work Anymore  .

Cluster 559:
    Glass Half Full.

Cluster 560:
     The Legacies of Langdell and His Metaphor.

Cluster 561:
    Horseless Carriages with Buggy-Whip Holders.

Cluster 562:
     A Play in Six Acts.

Cluster 563:
     What We Had and What We Need.

Cluster 564:
    Statistics.

Cluster 565:
    Law Library--Post Earthquake.

Cluster 566:
     The Computer Didn't Make Me Do It.

Cluster 567:
    The Library of the Bureau of Railway Economics in Its Inter-Library Relations.

Cluster 568:
     Thinking Like a Lawyer in the Computer Age.
    What Shall I Wear to the Computer Revolution? Some Thoughts on Electronic Researching in Law.

Cluster 569:
     The Challenge of Conceptual Research.

Cluster 570:
    Beyond Training.
     Oxymoron or Trainable Skill.

Cluster 571:
     A Union List, with a Note on Their Distribution and Microfilming.

Cluster 572:
    Research Guide to Immigration, Aliens, and the Law .

Cluster 573:
    Yesterday's Monsters.

Cluster 574:
    Binding in War Time.

Cluster 575:
    Response to Schanck.

Cluster 576:
    Far Beyond the Law Reports.
    Australian Law Reports, Official and Otherwise.

Cluster 577:
    Thinking, Writing, Sharing, Blogging.
    A Blog's Life.

Cluster 578:
    Corpus of the Written Cherokee Laws.

Cluster 579:
    American Contagions.

Cluster 580:
     Bane or Blessing.

Cluster 581:
    On the Gentle Art of Librating.

Cluster 582:
    Along Came Google.

Cluster 583:
    Eldon Revare James, An Appreciation.

Cluster 584:
     Partisanship, Race, and the Transformation of American Federalism.

Cluster 585:
     Objectives, Challenges, and Solutions.
    Changes and Challenges.

Cluster 586:
     Analysis or Psychoanalysis.

Cluster 587:
     Breaches and Heartbleed to BYOD- Are Bankers, Entertainment Company Executives, Celebrities, Postal Workers, Ice Cream Lovers, Home Builders, and CIOs the Only Ones Who Should Be Concerned.

Cluster 588:
    Gilson G. Glasier.

Cluster 589:
     Is There a Public Access Right to Academic Libraries in the United States and Canada.

Cluster 590:
    Posner, Richard A. Divergent Paths.

Cluster 591:
    The Hearsay Rule.

Cluster 592:
    New Perspectives on following the Leader.
    Define Leader.
    Servant Leadership.

Cluster 593:
    Assisting Rural Domestic Violence Victims.

Cluster 594:
     How Legal Fault Lines Divide Workers and Leave Them without Protection.

Cluster 595:
     A Modest Proposal.
     A Modest Proposal.
    A Response to a Modest Proposal.

Cluster 596:
    Daily, James E., and Ryan M. Davidson. The Law of Superheroes.

Cluster 597:
    Not Just Key Numbers and Keywords Anymore.
    From Key Numbers to Keywords.

Cluster 598:
    The Legal History of St. Louis from Canoe to Capsule.

Cluster 599:
    Cultivating Civility.

Cluster 600:
     The Debate Revisited.

Cluster 601:
    alt.lawlibrarian.

Cluster 602:
    Whatever Tribal Precedent There May Be.
     The (Un)Availability of Tribal Law.

Cluster 603:
    Human Subjects Research Review.

Cluster 604:
    Future-Proofing the News.

Cluster 605:
    A Different Question of Open Access.

Cluster 606:
    Golden Jubilee Issue, The .

Cluster 607:
     The Telecom Industry and Monopoly Power in the New Gilded Age..

Cluster 608:
     Who Needs It?.

Cluster 609:
    Protecting the Lady from Toledo.

Cluster 610:
    USMARC Self-Defense.

Cluster 611:
     Are Their Annotations Equal?.

Cluster 612:
    The Egalitarian Fallacy.

Cluster 613:
    The Strange Career of Judah P. Benjamin.

Cluster 614:
    A Marriage of Inconvenience - Congress and the District of Columbia.

Cluster 615:
    Nowhere to Run; Nowhere to Hide.

Cluster 616:
    We All Do It.

Cluster 617:
    The Digital Edge; Kennedy-Mighell Report.

Cluster 618:
    The Francis Hopkinson Law Reports.

Cluster 619:
     Systematizing Entries Where Standard Headings Are Inadequate.

Cluster 620:
    The Color of Creatorship.

Cluster 621:
     Why Plea Bargaining Is a Bad Deal.

Cluster 622:
    Chutzpah and the Law.

Cluster 623:
    The Nonsense Factory.

Cluster 624:
    Geac Computerized On-Line Circulation in University Libraries.

Cluster 625:
    The Opening of Sealed Doors.

Cluster 626:
    Burnout.

Cluster 627:
    Relevance, Choices, and the Goldilocks Problem.

Cluster 628:
    Three Researchers in Search of an Alcove.

Cluster 629:
    Politics Most Foul - Winston Overton's Ghost and the Louisiana Judicial Election of 1934.

Cluster 630:
    Law and People in Colonial America, Second Edition.
     African-Americans and the Constitutional Order, 1776 to the Present, Second Edition.

Cluster 631:
     Class Action.

Cluster 632:
    Gerrymandering the States.

Cluster 633:
    Sotomayor, Sonia. My Beloved World.

Cluster 634:
    Why Can't Johnny Research-or It All Started with Christopher Columbus Langdell.

Cluster 635:
     The Compleat Experience.

Cluster 636:
     Twenty-Five Selected Readings.

Cluster 637:
    It's Time for a Positive Approach to Micro-Graphics.

Cluster 638:
    The European Human Rights System.
    Legal Literature on International Human Rights.
    Application of International Human Rights Standards by United States Courts.

Cluster 639:
    Getting by.

Cluster 640:
    Journalism under Fire.

Cluster 641:
     A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to My Search Results.

Cluster 642:
    A Five-Year Cumulative Index to Questions & Answers Vols. 77-81, 1984-1989.

Cluster 643:
     A History of Baseball's Antitrust Exemption.

Cluster 644:
     Part of Our National Culture.

Cluster 645:
     An Account of Its Development and Growth.

Cluster 646:
    Irresponsible and Unimaginative the Lawyer and the Historian as Judicial Biographer.
    The Misery of Historians.

Cluster 647:
     Predicting Materials Costs by Analyzing Past Expenditures.

Cluster 648:
    Trials.
    Part I - Historic Trials.
    Trial Transcipts as Research Documents.

Cluster 649:
    Et Ano..

Cluster 650:
    Fraud and Deceit.

Cluster 651:
    Report of the Librarian on Her Trip to England and the Continent 1910.

Cluster 652:
    Runaway Train.

Cluster 653:
    The Pajama Way of Research.

Cluster 654:
    An Index to Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal, 1916-92.
     A Memorial.
    Index of Memorials Published in the Law Library Journal.

Cluster 655:
    The Video Collection.

Cluster 656:
    Who Owns This Article.

Cluster 657:
     The Four Cs of Search Engine Optimization.

Cluster 658:
    Northwestern Expands Owen L. Coon Library Added to the Elbert H. Gary Library.
     Northwestern's Integrated Library System.

Cluster 659:
    Coaching Copyright.

Cluster 660:
    I Remember Them Well.

Cluster 661:
    Memorial and Appreciation for Earl C. Borgeson (1922-2010).

Cluster 662:
    OBAR and Mead Data Central System.

Cluster 663:
    The History of Unidroit and the Methods of Unification.

Cluster 664:
     An Initial Reaction.

Cluster 665:
    Houppert, Karen. Chasing Gideon.

Cluster 666:
     A Reply to Berring and Vanden Heuvel.

Cluster 667:
    Fifteen Years of Chapter Development.

Cluster 668:
     Combating the Negative Findings of the Howland and Lewis Survey (abstract).

Cluster 669:
    The Shadow Code.
    Clouds of Codes.

Cluster 670:
    Contemporary Nursing Roles and Legal Accountability.

Cluster 671:
    From Sheepskin Binding to Born Digital.

Cluster 672:
    Legal Research in a Side Carousel.

Cluster 673:
     Issues in Drafting Format Selection Guidelines.

Cluster 674:
    Certification Revisited.

Cluster 675:
     Writing Is Good for You and You Forget the Pain.

Cluster 676:
     The Field and Its Literature.

Cluster 677:
    The Sensory Law Library.

Cluster 678:
    De Minimis Curat Lex.

Cluster 679:
    Correcting the Record.

Cluster 680:
    The Demise and Fall of Library Fungus.

Cluster 681:
    Recent Developments and Current Trends in the Law of Life Insurance.

Cluster 682:
    Dough, Re, Me.

Cluster 683:
    Carry Me Back to Old Virginia.

Cluster 684:
    German Division and Reunification, 1944-1990.

Cluster 685:
     Why Being Good Isn't Good Enough Anymore.

Cluster 686:
    While Justice Sleeps.

Cluster 687:
     How the Laws of Fashion Made History.

Cluster 688:
    The Universe of Thinkable Thoughts versus the Facts of Empirical Research.
    The Universe of Thinking Thoughts.

Cluster 689:
     How a Small-Town Newspaper and Its Unlikely Lawyer Opened America's Courtrooms.

Cluster 690:
    Highways, Buildings, and Mountains.

Cluster 691:
    Bold Minds.

Cluster 692:
    Sexist Language.

Cluster 693:
    Coke's Reports, and the Anonymous Commentary on Littleton.

Cluster 694:
    File Analysis for Retrospective Conversion.

Cluster 695:
     Intersections of Identities and Expectations.

Cluster 696:
    William Warburton's Authorship of Legal Judicature in Chancery Stated.

Cluster 697:
    Growing Pains.

Cluster 698:
    Scaling the Tower of Babel Fish.

Cluster 699:
     The Year of the iPad.

Cluster 700:
    Driving Pedestrian Traffic to Law Journals.

Cluster 701:
    Let's Talk about Race.

Cluster 702:
    Remembrances of William D. Murphy.

Cluster 703:
     Volume II, 871-1216.

Cluster 704:
     A Guide to Fan Fiction, Art, Film & Cosplay.

Cluster 705:
    Leaving Paradise.

Cluster 706:
    Back and Forth.

Cluster 707:
    Breaking Down Link Rot.

Cluster 708:
     Highlights from One Hundred Years of LLJ History.

Cluster 709:
    Some Observations of a Recent Recruit.

Cluster 710:
     The Neglected, Essential Activity.

Cluster 711:
    Reviewing Frank G. Houdek, The First Century.

Cluster 712:
    War and Peace in Outer Space.

Cluster 713:
    It's All Enumerative.

Cluster 714:
     How Appreciation for the Big Picture Can Benefit (Academic) Law Library Leaders.

Cluster 715:
     Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload.

Cluster 716:
     Survey of Salary and Position Information.

Cluster 717:
     The Curse of Boole.

Cluster 718:
     The Life and Works of Thomas M. McDade.

Cluster 719:
    Why Do We Ask the Same Questions - The Triple Helix Dilemma Revisited.

Cluster 720:
    The History of Oregon's So-Called "Sanctuary" Law.
    A Brief Sketch of the Early Oregon Session Laws and Codes.

Cluster 721:
    Zen and the Art of Multitasking.

Cluster 722:
    Getting to Know Fastcase.

Cluster 723:
    On Empathy.

Cluster 724:
    Cass, Ronald A., and Keith H. Hylton. Laws of Creation.

Cluster 725:
    The Emergency Sasquatch Ordinance and Other Real Laws That Human Beings Actually Dreamed up, Enacted, and Have Sometimes Even Enforced.

Cluster 726:
    Lyrics in the Law.

Cluster 727:
     The Manson Family Cases and the Illusion of Parole.

Cluster 728:
    Diversity in the Profession.
    Tying Diversity to Organizational Culture.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    Selected Readings on Diversity Issues.
    AALL Diversity Redelineated.
    Diversity.
    Diversity Dialogues.
    Integrating Doctrine and Diversity.
    Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in Action.
    AALL and the Road to Diversity.
    Diversity in AALL--It Does Exist.
    Diversity Deferred.
    Diversity and Professional Activism.
    Diversity in Conflict.
     Unity and Diversity over Two Millennia.

Cluster 729:
    France.
     France and the European Communities.

Cluster 730:
    Sketch of the Life of William J. C. Berry.
    St. George Tucker-A Biographical Sketch.
     A Biographical Sketch.

Cluster 731:
    Meeting of the Executive Committee, Statler Hotel, Washington, D.C., February 2 and 3, 1945.

Cluster 732:
     How to Think about Hate Speech, Campus Speech, Religious Speech, Fake News, Post-Truth, and Donald Trump.

Cluster 733:
    Reference Librarians Do Not Work in Steel.

Cluster 734:
    Success through Speech.

Cluster 735:
    From Stele to Silicon.

Cluster 736:
     Rediscovering the Seneca Nation Settlement Act through Archives.

Cluster 737:
     How to Furnish Your Workplace for under $100.

Cluster 738:
    Let the People Know the Facts.

Cluster 739:
     Pilot Program Passes Test Site Trial.

Cluster 740:
    One Step at a Time.
    Next Steps.

Cluster 741:
    Mr. Joshua Williams, Q.C..

Cluster 742:
    Chief Justice Burger's Administrative Agenda.

Cluster 743:
    A Nickel for Your ----.

Cluster 744:
    Appeals to the Privy Council before American Independence.

Cluster 745:
     An Update.
     Update.
     An Update.

Cluster 746:
    History of Michigan Law Libraries and Their Relation to General Libraries in Michigan .
    The Law Quadrangle of the University of Michigan.
    The Move of the University of Michigan Law Library.
    University of Michigan Law Library Microfom Policy.
     Planning and Implementing a Restricted Access Policy at the University of Michigan Law Library.
    Building a Foreign Law Collection at the University of Michigan Law Library, 1910-1960.

Cluster 747:
     The Presidential Signing Statements Controversy and Its Implications for Library Professionals.

Cluster 748:
    Tough Cases.

Cluster 749:
    Writing Buddies.

Cluster 750:
    Howarth, David. Law as Engineering.

Cluster 751:
    Enough Fathom-Long Swine.

Cluster 752:
     Reports of the Revisers 1826-1828.

Cluster 753:
     Collection Development of Skills-Specific Resources in the Wake of the ABA's Revised Standards.

Cluster 754:
    Hate Crimes.

Cluster 755:
     A Practical Note.
     The Practical Aspects.
     Some Practical Considerations.

Cluster 756:
     A Profile.

Cluster 757:
     How the Civil War and Reconstruction Remade the Constitution.

Cluster 758:
    A Reports of Year Book 10 Henry V (1422) Found in a Manuscript Abridgment of Year Books.
     The Letter Book of John Henry Senter.

Cluster 759:
    Break 'Em Up.

Cluster 760:
    To Meet or Not to Meet.

Cluster 761:
    Georgetown Law Center Memorial Service November 6, 2007.

Cluster 762:
    Volume Count.

Cluster 763:
    He Weifang. In the Name of Justice.

Cluster 764:
    New York University's Classification Scheme on Economic Integration Class KE.

Cluster 765:
    Who Decides? States as Laboratories of Constitutional Experimentation.

Cluster 766:
     Charles R. McCarthy and the Evolution of the Legislative Reference Movement, 1901-1917.

Cluster 767:
    Baker, H. Robert Prigg v. Pennsylvania.

Cluster 768:
     Poisoned Water, Corporate Greed, and One Lawyer's Twenty-Year Battle against DuPont.

Cluster 769:
     Plain Good Sense or Plain Nonsense.

Cluster 770:
     An Analysis of Automated Education.

Cluster 771:
    Cool Web Sites.

Cluster 772:
    Building Alabama's Common Law, 1820-21.

Cluster 773:
    The Rewards of Tedium.

Cluster 774:
     A Foundation for Building Research Strategies.

Cluster 775:
    Microcomputers for More Than On-Line Research.

Cluster 776:
    The Editing and Publication of the Year Books of the Reign of Edward III (1327-77).

Cluster 777:
    Lessons in Riding, Life, and Management from Sultan, a Wise Horse.

Cluster 778:
     High Altitude Mountaineering Lessons for Librarians.

Cluster 779:
    Steve Jobs Was Right about HTML5, but Was He Right about Digital Publishing.

Cluster 780:
    Looking in Our Backyards.

Cluster 781:
    En la Tierra del Ciego, el Tuerco es Rey.

Cluster 782:
    Creighton and the Problem of the Macheide.

Cluster 783:
    Let George Do It.

Cluster 784:
    CD-Rom Journal Indexes.

Cluster 785:
    Challenging the Status Quo.

Cluster 786:
    Project Lawsearch.

Cluster 787:
    Bouvier's, Black's, and Tinkerbell.

Cluster 788:
    Index to Memoirs, Orders and Rules of Court, Admissions to the Bar, and Other Interesting Material, Found in United States Supreme Court Reports, Volumes One to Two-Hundred and Ninety-One, Inclusive.
    University of Washington Law Library Attains 100,000 Volume Mark.

Cluster 789:
    Birth of a Nutshell.

Cluster 790:
     The New Generation of Activists and the Landmark Legal Fight against Climate Change.

Cluster 791:
    Kennedy's Avenger.

Cluster 792:
    The Last Word (I Hope).

Cluster 793:
    Banner, Stuart. The Baseball Trust.

Cluster 794:
     What It Is and How to Get It.

Cluster 795:
    Emotional Intelligence.

Cluster 796:
     A New Approach.
     New Directions.

Cluster 797:
    A Preliminary Examination of the AALL Exchange of Duplicates Program.

Cluster 798:
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since 1942.
     Births, Deaths and Changes Since May, 1945.
     Births, Deaths, and Changes Since November 1946.

Cluster 799:
    Temptations of the Sirens.

Cluster 800:
    Coming into the Country.

Cluster 801:
    The Invention of Modern Empiricism.

Cluster 802:
    Five Words That Changed America.

Cluster 803:
    Memories of Morris - And How I Use His BEAL.

Cluster 804:
    LIS Interrupted.

Cluster 805:
     Economic Rights and Legal Protections for People with Low Income.

Cluster 806:
     The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System.
     How the Law Classifies Crimes and What It Means for Justice.

Cluster 807:
    How to Stop Feeling like a Phony in Your Library.

Cluster 808:
    Outsourcing.

Cluster 809:
     From Collapse to the Trump Bump and beyond.

Cluster 810:
     Maximizing Their Impact and Resources.

Cluster 811:
    Lawyers Can't Be Luddites Anymore.

Cluster 812:
    How to Impress Your Boss, Win Friends, and Influence People.

Cluster 813:
     Company Information for Law Students.

Cluster 814:
    Categorizing the Useful Arts.

Cluster 815:
    Quo Vadis.

Cluster 816:
    Oral Competence Testing in Legal Research Techniques.

Cluster 817:
     Fifty Years of Legal Footnoting in Review.

Cluster 818:
     The Max Planck Institutes.

Cluster 819:
    Usual Cruelty.

Cluster 820:
     Survey Relating to Autonomy and Faculty Status.

Cluster 821:
    Mine! How the Hidden Rules of Ownership Control Our Lives.

Cluster 822:
    Rights of Students in Higher Education.

Cluster 823:
    Time to Blossom.

Cluster 824:
    Cataloging State Session Laws in Microfiche.

Cluster 825:
     Sandra Day O'Connor.

Cluster 826:
    Does Form Follow Function - Academic Law Libraries' Organizational Structures for Collection Development .

Cluster 827:
    The Odor of Sanctity in the New York State Law Library.

Cluster 828:
    Gray's Inn and Its History.

Cluster 829:
    Build It Right and They Will Come.

Cluster 830:
    On Having a Bad Day.

Cluster 831:
    By Command of Her Majesty.

Cluster 832:
     Transformation or Steadfast Stagnation.

Cluster 833:
    A Research Guide to the Law of Private Sector Labor-Management Relations.

Cluster 834:
    Digital Rights Management.

Cluster 835:
    Bar Relief.

Cluster 836:
     A Study of the Paul Krueger Archive.

Cluster 837:
    District Court Opinions That Remain Hidden Despite a Long-Standing Congressional Mandate of Transparency - the Result of Judicial Autonomy and Systemic Indiffernece.

Cluster 838:
     Crossing the Lines That Divide Us.

Cluster 839:
    Dissents from the Bench.

Cluster 840:
    Resource-Based Learning and Course Design.

Cluster 841:
    Fees for Service.

Cluster 842:
     New Uses for a Familiar Tool.

Cluster 843:
     Results of a Questionaire.

Cluster 844:
    Daniel Dulany II.

Cluster 845:
    Harry Bitner.

Cluster 846:
     The Kent State Case.
     The Case of Earl Warren.
     Early Kentucky Case Law Digests.

Cluster 847:
    Surprising Differences.

Cluster 848:
     Unconscious Behavior, Bias, and Diversity.

Cluster 849:
     The New International Economic Order through Codes of Conduct.

Cluster 850:
     Miranda v. Arizona and the Right to Remain Silent.

Cluster 851:
    Yellow Flag Fever.

Cluster 852:
     Some Functions and Problems.

Cluster 853:
    You Don't Look like a Lawyer.
     Lawbooks Alone Do Not a Lawyer Make.

Cluster 854:
    Judith S. Kaye in Her Own Words.

Cluster 855:
    To Drink from the Well.

Cluster 856:
    An Overview of American Nonlegislative Procedure.

Cluster 857:
     Selecting the Appropriate Tool.

Cluster 858:
    Getting Facts Straight (and Writing Well Too).

Cluster 859:
    Plays Well with Others.

Cluster 860:
     A Brief Theoretical Overview and Practical Suggestions.

Cluster 861:
    What Changes Shall Be Proposed to the ALA Committee Pending Publication of the Catalog Rules in Final Form.

Cluster 862:
    Baron de Hirsch Meyer Buildings.

Cluster 863:
    Some Writings of Max Radin of General Legal Interest.

Cluster 864:
    An Essay on An Introduction to the Principles of Morals and Legislation by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).

Cluster 865:
    Our Predecessors and Their Achievements.

Cluster 866:
     Not So Desperately Seeking Storage Solutions.

Cluster 867:
    Visual Literacy and the Design of Legal Web Sites.

Cluster 868:
    Vale Bunny Watson.

Cluster 869:
    Change and Continuity (Rip Van Winkle's Reference Office).

Cluster 870:
    English Conveyancing.

Cluster 871:
     How Search Engines Reinforces Racism.

Cluster 872:
    Death and Rebirth of a National Information Policy.

Cluster 873:
    Invisible Women.

Cluster 874:
    Centralization of Cataloging and Classification after the Arrival of Class K-A Review and Reappraisal.

Cluster 875:
    Hamilton and the Law.

Cluster 876:
    Present in Its Absence.

Cluster 877:
     An Analysis of Current Practice.

Cluster 878:
    Some Guidance about Federal Agencies and Guidance.

Cluster 879:
     Privacy, Stigma, and the Harms of Data-Driven Criminal Justice.

Cluster 880:
    Blueprint for Atomic Energy Literature.

Cluster 881:
     The Search for Truth and Justice after Serial.

Cluster 882:
     Truly a Giant.

Cluster 883:
     The Chesapeake Project Legal Information Archive's Examination of URL Stability.

Cluster 884:
     The Regional Schedules.

Cluster 885:
    Beyond the Annals of Murder.

Cluster 886:
    Be Those That Multiply the Commonweale.

Cluster 887:
     Making the Most of What You Have.

Cluster 888:
    Fandom and the Law.

Cluster 889:
     A (Belated) Response to Dean Kay, with Some Suggested Additions to Her Canonical List.

Cluster 890:
    Space for a Periodical Collection.

Cluster 891:
     A Proto-Federal Register.

Cluster 892:
    The Elephant in the Room.

Cluster 893:
    The Trap of Medium-Neutral Citation, or Why a Historical-Critical Edition of State Constitutions is Necessary.

Cluster 894:
    Free Speech in the Balance.

Cluster 895:
    Gerrard, Michael B., and Gregory E. Wannier, eds. Threatened Island Nations.

Cluster 896:
    WESTLAW Is Natural v. Boolean Searching.

Cluster 897:
    Igniting the Conversation.

Cluster 898:
    Famous and Curious Wills.

Cluster 899:
     Burden or Blessing.
     A Burdensome Task.

Cluster 900:
     An Initial Study.
     A Baseline Study.
     A Case Study.
     A Case Study.
     A Comparative Study.
     A Use Study.
     A Case Study.
     A Comparative Study.

Cluster 901:
    A Note on 3 A Tennessee Reports.

Cluster 902:
    ProQuest Regulatory Insight.

Cluster 903:
    One Vote Away.

Cluster 904:
    Part IV - People of Spanish Descent.

Cluster 905:
    Tuesday Morning Detective Work (2019-8).

Cluster 906:
    Research Guide to the Litigation Explosion.

Cluster 907:
    Crawford, Susan. Captive Audience.

Cluster 908:
    Protecting Our Spaces of Memory.

Cluster 909:
    The Modern Medusa.

Cluster 910:
    The General Interlibrary Loan Code 1952.

Cluster 911:
    On File with.

Cluster 912:
     Planning for Disaster.

Cluster 913:
    A Legislative History of the Affordable Care Act.

Cluster 914:
    Are Recorded Lectures Better than Live Lectures for Teaching Students Legal Research.

Cluster 915:
     Exhibits - Part III.

Cluster 916:
    William Sanders Johnston as I Knew Him Including a Brief Biographical Sketch 1871-1947.

Cluster 917:
    Thomas, Gillian. Because of Sex.

Cluster 918:
    The A B C of Bar Library Cooperation.
    Opportunities for Library Cooperation.
    Avoiding the Dragon in Library Cooperation.

Cluster 919:
    Ending Book Hunger.

Cluster 920:
    Documents and Publications of Contemporary International Governmental Organizations.

Cluster 921:
     D. L. Rhode's Cheating.

Cluster 922:
    Concept through Construction.

Cluster 923:
    Discovering William Cook.

Cluster 924:
     City, County or State.

Cluster 925:
    Microphotography for Law Schools.

Cluster 926:
     Mid-America's Experience.

Cluster 927:
    Schoolhouse Rock Is No Longer Enough.

Cluster 928:
    The National Library of Medicine.

Cluster 929:
     A Comparative Analysis - A Draft Report Prepared According to the Instructions of the Honorable John Dow.

Cluster 930:
     Debunking Leadership Myths.

Cluster 931:
    An Unexpected Story.

Cluster 932:
    Work Crunch.

Cluster 933:
    Bilali - His Book.

Cluster 934:
    Right to Translate and International Copyright Conventions.

Cluster 935:
    The Influence of Judge Cardozo on the Common Law.

Cluster 936:
     A Chronicle.

Cluster 937:
     Writers Reflect on 100 Years of Landmark ACLU Cases.

Cluster 938:
     A Primer.

Cluster 939:
     How to Interview for a Job and How to Interview the Job.

Cluster 940:
     Should Paper Be the Gold Standard.

Cluster 941:
    Not What I Planned (a Writing Detour).

Cluster 942:
     Exposing Data Bias in a World Designed for Men.

Cluster 943:
    Frances D. Lyon Retires from Position as New York State Law Librarian.

Cluster 944:
     Effective Legal Advocacy in Emergency Situations.

Cluster 945:
     The State of the Field and Prospects for Reform.

Cluster 946:
    Making Sense of Making Stories.

Cluster 947:
    The Whole Is Greater than the Sum of the Parts.

Cluster 948:
     History and Contemporary Analysis.

Cluster 949:
    Dreaded Bluebook,The.

Cluster 950:
     The Making of an American Standard.

Cluster 951:
    Black's Law Dictionary.
    From Law in Blackletter to Blackletter Law.

Cluster 952:
    Mentoring across Generations.
    Meet My Mentor.

Cluster 953:
    Dress for Success - The Battle for Class, Comfort, and Sexual Equality.

Cluster 954:
    Fifty More Constitutions.

Cluster 955:
    Judging Inequality.

Cluster 956:
    The Printing of Wisconsin Session Laws, 1836-1838.

Cluster 957:
    Increasing Article Findability Online.

